wow this is so great #mannequinchallenge
great update. so much faster URL 
USER not sure how this got past us. fixed (and thanks for reporting)
USER never said this (but seems like good advice)
USER not sure how this slipped past us, but now it's fixed
hillary smith joins square as our gc!  URL 
"this is slavery." u.s. inmates strike URL 
so amazing and cool that this was done all from a phone URL 
USER there's time to do both!
seamless vs. USER : "caviar took the cake" (we also deliver cake btw) URL 
and it's on #debate URL 
"…the elegant simplicity of twitter is to me unprecedented and really important."—USER 🙏🏼 URL 
final #debate right here tonight URL 
#whyiattendghc: to be present, listen, and learn from our emerging leaders and builders! and to recruit them, of course! #ghc16!
⚡️ “imagined conversations between barack obama and joe biden”  URL 
this is awesome URL 
📡 anyone can now broadcast any camera or stream to the world! we've made it simple: get the url and tap the button… URL 
only a matter of time URL 
USER tried it but moved to this (much lighter): URL 
🆕 we're working with USER to show what's happening election day, live on twitter nov 8th! URL 
USER oops, can't for now (don't have a fb account)
USER will do thanks
i love the watch. it's a constant reminder to stay healthy and a daily tap on the wrist from mom saying good morning URL 
twitter search is so powerful…you can see what people *think* about anything! URL 
USER open in app
USER just getting started
USER 🙏🏼 i love USER too. def not competing w them. not a newspaper/magazine, but a network that makes all more accessible
twitter’s debate streaming audience grew as tv slumped URL 
debate twitter is great twitter...but more importantly, more people got to watch and talk about it wherever they we… URL 
what everyone was thinking, in real-time #debate URL 
it's on! #debatenight URL 
watch live in 45m #debatenight URL 
a must see before election day by USER URL 
USER you took this?
USER the number of retweets on this would say otherwise
why black lives matter USER URL 
a great read from a wise man, USER . available today! URL 
"we can't have an informed discussion because we don't have data." URL 
it's on! #vpdebate URL 
scandals: last week tonight with john oliver (hbo) URL 
"imagination is more important than knowledge." URL 
🆕 now everyone can tell a story with tweets! starting on the web... URL 
help someone register to vote today. here's a fast app to help! URL 
u.s. merchants: please turn this on! one flip of a switch URL 
help someone register to vote today: URL #voterregistrationday URL 
take 2 minutes and help someone register to vote. #debatenight  URL 
it's on! #debatenight URL 
our new reader, now in australia (where most payments are tap and go) URL 
watch live tonight with twitter for all the commentary and reaction #debatenight URL 
we got chip card transaction time down to 4 seconds (from industry average of 15s). less time in lines URL 
geno, my barber for 6 years, finally accepts credit cards w square! USER URL 
watch with twitter this monday USER URL 
all square us sellers can now add a link on their receipts to help their customers register to vote! URL 
new podcast find: URL 
🏈 starting now URL 
this has been one of our most requested features! URL 
USER hear you and we're on it!
USER (and the  tweets were taken down yesterday after being reported)
USER correct. we have to go through a human review process rn. working on both faster tech &amp; product-based solutions
an open letter regarding climate change from concerned members of the u.s. national academy of sciences USER URL 
agreed! dark sky is the best. hyperlocal weather and notifications URL 
take 2 minutes and register to vote, or take those two minutes and help someone else register.  URL 
every us presidential debate live on twitter! URL 
USER thank you jeff! and for all the support over the years
⚡️ “report: another man killed in officer-involved shooting in north carolina”  URL 
⚡️ “kaepernick follows through with $1 million donation amid death threats”  URL 
"i stood here for an hour, in mountain lion country, waiting for the galaxy to align with the road." URL 
USER it worked well for podcasts! we never launched it tho
USER just moved them to the top right corner under the "v"
chicago police rolling out new, mandatory 'de-escalation' training URL 
happy birthday pm USER !
starting my day with USER and USER URL 
go chance! even more reason to see the USER tour. #staywokeandvote  URL 
🆕 turn on twitter customer service for your business! URL 
want to watch the game? follow USER and turn on notifications. twitter will alert you when it's live: tap and watch! URL 
his music always makes me happy: USER URL 
USER agreed it needs a refresh
and request or send money with siri URL 
send $$$ right in imessage, starting today! URL 
square payroll is now available to nearly half of u.s. businesses! URL 
happy birthday USER ! 🎂👟🏀
watch 🏈 live on twitter #afvsgsu URL 
“deskbound” by kelly starrett URL 
🆕 from USER ! URL 
USER great meeting you ahmed!
"hey siri, send john $10" URL 
USER and happy birthday!
power your touchbistro or vend point of sale with square payments and hardware! URL 
a great coffee if you're looking to try something new URL 
USER the process is not as clear as it could be. that's on us. we're taking all the feedback to make it better!
self control by frank ocean URL 
my mom on the radio URL 
listen to nikes by frank ocean #blond URL 
⚡️ “this person knew about frank ocean's staircase all along”  URL 
learning spanish with USER URL 
sales powered through USER URL 
USER thank you for everything andrew! 🙏🏼
let people vote. #vraa #goodtrouble URL 
"we all live in the same house, not the american house, but the world house."—USER #goodtrouble
"the first time i was arrested i felt free."—USER #goodtrouble
sharing his life and hope with us all, the unbelievably strong USER #goodtrouble URL 
my mom and dad restored my great grandmother's house to be an art gallery: URL 
almost 200 people now work at USER st. louis! URL 
follow these two for more USER URL 
the power of nutrition to prevent and reverse heart disease URL 
#fav7films  willy wonka and the chocolate factory dead poets society the princess bride midnight in paris ratatouille lincoln wall•e
USER love duolingo and your work! thank you!
USER don't remember what the first was. this was longest standing
USER during my walk to work and before bed
tim talks with USER about USER URL 
listen to remembering victor valdez by marfa public radio #np on #soundcloud URL 
32 hours to go URL 
congress: pass the #vraa before november URL 
one of my favorite stories URL 
when was the last time you read the us constitution and bill of rights? take an hour and listen: URL 
opening up square capital outside of our network! URL 
we're opening up moments creation! URL 
“celebrating 51 years of the voting rights act” by USER #vraa  URL 
tell congress to restore the power of the voting rights act to protect the right to vote for all americans. #vraa URL 
"no matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." URL 
USER thank you for everything!
USER tx for the push!
nov 8th is now a square company holiday. tell congress to unblock voter registration: URL 
tell congress to pass the voting rights advancement act now. enable everyone to vote this november. #vraa URL 
listen to all i need (ft. xavier omär) by noname #np on #soundcloud URL 
we can't let this be the first presidential election in 50 years without full protections for voters of color. #vraa URL 
restore the power of the voting rights act to protect the right to vote for all americans #vraa URL 
remove the barriers to vote this november #vraa URL 
"don't boo, vote." #vraa URL 
USER team is working on it. conversations are an important element and too difficult right now!
USER thank you john! :)
first step is to remove barriers to voter registration. second step is to help people register! #vraa URL 
watch mothers of the movement live URL 
USER def looking at it!
restore the power of the voting rights act to protect the right to vote for all americans. #vraa URL 
tell congress to pass the voting rights advancement act #vraa  URL 
tell congress to fix voter discrimination before november elections #vraa:  URL 
"…you didn't like who you were, so the only thing that gave me confidence was dressing fresh."—USER URL 
⚡️ “at least 60 people killed in kabul explosions”  URL 
USER all fair points. we are working to get here
USER we don't ban people for expressing their thoughts. targeted abuse &amp; inciting abuse against people however, that's not allowed
listening to: what are gender barriers made of? URL 
USER hi leslie, following, please dm me when you have a moment
watch the rnc live on twitter: URL 
listen to einstein speaks to us about race | s. james gates [becoming wise] by on being studios #np on #soundcloud URL 
flip the script URL 
⚡️ “a rare pokémon sighting causes a stir in central park”  URL 
listen to brené brown — the courage to be vulnerable by on being studios #np on #soundcloud URL 
⚡️ “'attempted military coup' in turkey”  URL 
thich nhat hanh: being peace in a world of trauma URL 
⚡️ “at least 60 dead after truck attack in nice, france”  URL 
news! USER is joining twitter as our global head of people! welcome renee!
listening to "shoe dog" (recommended!). touches on this moment from the 1968 olympics. URL 
happy birthday USER ! URL 
the problem with the solution URL 
streaming “bloomberg west,” “what’d you miss?,” and “with all due respect” URL 
#nowplaying #blacklivesmatter by spotify URL 
"when you pray, move your feet." USER URL 
on twitter USER URL 
find and talk with your legislator (all but 2 have twitter accounts you can tweet): URL #blacklivesmatter #dallas
thank you USER for your constant strength, world-changing love, and leadership. #blacklivesmatter #dallas
"it's ok i'm right here with you" URL 
⚡️ “black lives matter protests held across the country”  URL 
alton sterling, eric garner and the double standard of the side hustle - the washington post URL 
"we are sick and tired of the killings of young men and women in our communities." URL 
news!: USER is joining the twitter board! bret brings world class experience, insight, &amp; thoughtfulness around building social services.
⚡️ “jesse williams now has his own holiday” #jessewilliamsappreciationday   URL 
jesse williams – 2016 bet humanitarian award speech (tx USER ) URL 
⚡️ “jr smith takes off shirt, never puts it back on”  URL 
lou reed talks USER 's yeezus - USER URL 
radiohead encourage use of phones at concerts, ask fans to periscope performance | consequence of sound URL 
amazing: USER on #periscope: untitled URL 
live: founder of fugees teaching founder of periscope how to play "no woman no cry"! URL 
oh this is going to be good!! USER URL 
.USER on #periscope URL 
140 second videos for twitter and vine, and an app for our creators! URL 
we value deep learning research to help make our world better, &amp; we will keep doing our part to share learnings with the community. thanks!
this team helps us with our goal of making twitter the first and best place to see what's happening in the world, and talk about it, live!
we were blown away by what the team has accomplished, like this for example: URL 
news! USER and the magic pony technology team are joining twitter! a small and mighty machine learning team out of london!
us: email your senator before they vote today. URL #disarmhate
go live📡 right from twitter! URL 
USER getting a photo w USER is a bigger win!
USER if we're in one, we're likely in many
watch with twitter: #clevgsw  URL 
"we need a sugar tax now" URL 
deep learning generated jazz #np on #soundcloud URL 
listen to mr. p.c. (mono version) by john coltrane #np on #soundcloud URL 
doing it live URL 
watch live with twitter: #clevgsw
⚡️ “fans create cards for kanye west's birthday”  URL 
blocked shots: how sportswriter USER dominates twitter URL 
hey nyc. USER is now on caviar: URL 
clean and simple! tell us what you think URL 
أهنئ كل المسلمين حول العالم بمناسبة حلول شهر رمضان المبارك #رمضان_كريم
champions ft. desiigner, travis scott, big sean, gucci mane by kanye west #np on #soundcloud URL 
celebrating muhammad ali | crowdrise's fundraiser URL 
ali's greatest fights: espn URL 
"service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth." rip #thegreatest URL 
robert irwin: why art? URL 
USER how about both
tap to watch w twitter: #gswvcle (go #dubnation!)
this neural network reveals your city's secret patterns | URL | business + design URL 
new! real-time moderation for periscope! URL 
listen to the boxer (remastered) by bob dylan #np on #soundcloud URL 
listen to a love supreme – john coltrane #np on #soundcloud URL 
a must listen: “tribe: on homecoming and belonging (unabridged)” by USER URL 
.USER on #periscope: moon view through telescope #astronomy URL 
.USER on #periscope: on the scene of a plane crash in the hudson river USER URL 
USER yes! on it
tap to watch with twitter: #clevtor
periscopes can now live forever! available to everyone today.  URL 
watch with twitter here: #okcvgsw
put a square reader on your USER ! URL 
USER definitely wasn't intentional. the .@ emerged as a hack
USER the team did a great job USER 
USER yeah, hidden rules for most people that do unexpected things. that's what we're fixing
USER *replies* will still be narrowcasted. organic mentions will not.
a few simple changes to make conversations on twitter easier! and no more removing characters for images or videos! URL 
USER update your app
USER update your app now
USER check the appstore now
USER check the app store now
it was supposed to be three things, but that's okay. (vine by USER ) URL 
hi USER ! URL 
"humanity is the only thing we have"—USER URL 
hunter s. thompson on finding your purpose | your friend’s house URL 
congrats to USER for opening 42 in the us! project and peer based learning. URL 
"let's make it so free and the bars so hard / that there ain't one gosh darn part you can't tweet" URL 
getting close. watch here: #gswvokc
and USER is now chair of our nominating/governance committee
in just 6 months we've added 4 people to the twitter board: USER and now USER .
welcome USER to the twitter board! and announcing USER as our new lead independent director!
thank you for singing for us USER ! #chapitre2 URL 
merci USER pour votre presence. a bientot! #chapitre2  URL 
thank you for all your work USER ! and for hosting us. URL 
happy mother's day to my mom USER !
so excited for this album: the colour in anything by USER URL 
so excited for this album: the colour in anything by USER ♫ URL 
both USER and i started in 1976 URL 
industry average is about 1% so this is a big move. if you see a square reader you know you can pay w your phone URL 
want your periscope to live forever? use #save in the title! URL 
USER they have those at the USER in sf too
USER tidal or itunes
🏀 w twitter: #houvgsw
what a game #houvgsw
listen to hardrocklover by prince #np on #soundcloud URL 
first mention of prince on twitter URL 
🏀 w twitter: #houvgsw
.USER on #periscope: prince tunes for 2hrs ... #beats1 URL 
the best peer-to-peer payment system - the sweet setup URL 
can't stop won't stop URL 
(and if you leave it open it auto updates!) URL 
⚡️ “draymond green teaches the art of trash talk ”  URL 
tap on this to 🏀 w twitter: #gswvhou
a big welcome to twitter, USER ! she joins us as our md for china!
.USER i stand with #teamironman. #tweetme URL 
pay with your apple or android phone at every coachella vendor! URL 
more additions to the board soon, ones that will bring diversity and represent the strong communities on twitter. this matters &amp; is a must.
welcome USER and USER to the USER board! and thanks to USER and USER for all your years of service!
go USER ! 🍿🏀🏀👋🏼 #gswvsas
and saving people a bunch of time  URL 
2 billion devices! URL 
.USER on #periscope: meet USER correspondents USER URL 
.USER on #periscope: talking with USER at USER about #thirdmonthmania URL 
⚡️ “charles barkley urges nba to stand against anti-lgbt law”  URL 
"go ahead and tweet..." URL 
learning about learning: cs229 by stanford (exploring #itunesu, it's really good) URL 
public and private conversation, all in one place URL 
🆕 quickly take any tweet to the dm! tap the ✉️ (next to the ❤️) URL 
20 weeks parental leave! URL 
my dad is going to love this: watch the 2016 thursday night USER games with twitter…right on twitter! 🏈🐦📺 URL 
think this is new to ios 9.3(?) and is amazingly convenient! URL 
insane 🏀 #nationalchampionship  URL 
last minute!⚡️ “live: villanova vs. north carolina”  URL 
USER not at all!
⚡️ “elon musk shares new details about the model 3”  URL 
.USER on #periscope: first ride #model3 URL 
payments developers: build your own custom point of sale and use square hardware, including our apple pay reader! URL 
waaaay late to the game, but this is a great album: slime season 3 by USER #np on #soundcloud URL 
listen to i love kanye by USER #np on #soundcloud URL 
finally! the new square payments api! build online for apps or web, or offline for all square hardware. URL 
👋🏼 welcome to twitter! URL 
square is back at USER this year! you can use your phone to pay for everything! (USER between friends) URL 
nominate someone you know who's performed an extraordinary act of kindness: URL 
a1 since day 1 #codecamp URL 
congrats to the USER team! and tx for offline 🎧! URL 
love USER ? #tweetjohn! URL 
200 million live broadcasts in one year! URL 
square capital now offers flexible loans to small businesses! one tap &amp; money is in account next day. no bank visit. URL 
senseless and heartbreaking #lahoreblast #pakistan URL 
USER great talk. thank you
.USER on #periscope: 🚲✌🏼️ #yearone URL 
happy birthday #periscope! URL 
USER thank you for asking!
thank you USER for striking positive impact ⚡️⚡️⚡️ and for hosting us from USER and USER ! (and tx USER ) URL 
"…twitter democratizes and shakes up the genteel inertia of modern political dialogue, for better or for worse." URL 
our hearts go out to the people of belgium, the victims of this terrible attack and their families. #ikwilhelpen 🇧🇪 URL 
there's a massive rainbow over sf right now!
this is amazing  URL 
and thank you USER for always being so kanye! #lovetwitter URL 
USER thank you satya!
thank you #blacktwitter! #lovetwitter  URL 
and this is the first human-written tweet sent to the world! onward to the next 10 years! URL #lovetwitter
#lovetwitter this marks the moment we created the first account: URL 
USER thank you chris!
thank you for your leadership USER ! URL 
we have a lot of gratitude for journalists around the world! especially all the citizen journalists! #lovetwitter URL 
thank you USER for creating &amp; defining our stance in the world. you built one of the smartest &amp; most creative teams out there! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for all the work to understand and tell the stories of twitter's impact in the world! #lovetwitter
thank you USER and USER for taking a chance on us in the first place! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for discovering us in the first place! you've been a constant supporter and an amazing and generous voice. #lovetwitter
thank you USER for turning us into a scalable company and business and all your thoughtfulness and care throughout! #lovetwitter
thank you for this! the start of #ff #lovetwitter  URL 
thank you USER for all your sorcery to keep us up and strong when we needed it most! election year 2008! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for all your creativity and curiosity. and for creating twitter search and trends! summize! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for introducing the world to the rt: retweet! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for giving us the machines and systems to build and scale twitter in the first place! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for your engineering and constant commitment to making us better every day! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for being the coolest scientist i know and for building twitter search and trends! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for bringing pair programming and agility to our engineering org, and all the work you did to help us scale! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for introducing the world to the #hashtag! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for being the first to use an @ before a name. your brother's, USER ! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for all the magic code that helped us stay going, and for creating the USER tab, enabling conversation! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for being USER . for all your mentorship of us engineers at odeo, your activism, and your curiosity! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for you brilliance and organization to help an early idea scale into a real global service. and the jokes! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for being our first official employee of twitter, inc, for USER , &amp; the daily reminders to listen! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for being a mentor every day, constantly encouraging us to focus on what matters, and driving us to think big! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for all of your creativity, humor, strength, &amp; inspiration! you gave us our principles, our brand, and culture! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for writing the majority of the code that made twitter work! pair programming between sf and hamburg! #lovetwitter
thank you USER for odeo and all your drive and passion, and for naming us twitter! #lovetwitter
USER thank you tim, and everyone at apple! good luck today!
happy 10th birthday USER ! #lovetwitter URL 
excited for tm! #lovetwitter URL 
ready! see you soon USER URL 
⚡️ “washington brings scotus fight to twitter”  URL 
twitter &amp; square oppose discrimination in all forms. USER : do the right thing and veto house bill 757. proud to be an #lgbtqally!
thanks for using twitter! URL 
USER thank you for using twitter! iconic moment.
good morning! 👋🏼 URL 
pigeons wearing tiny backpacks tweet about air pollution URL 
proud square is building in saint louis! 150 people and growing! URL 
recommends 8 hours a night. 6 or less is equivalent to not sleeping at all URL 
richard linklater on baseball, college life and his new film URL 
.USER on #periscope: your 29-time sec tournament champions. URL 
congrats to jada &amp; imani and their m business hidden treasures! #buildgala USER URL 
USER boulettes larder URL 
listen to hell you talmbout instrumental by wondaland records #np on #soundcloud URL 
the strange and surprising history of daylight saving time - national geographic URL 
listen to driving down the block (el-p remix) [redux] by el-p on USER . URL 
.USER on #periscope: camp nou! URL 
twitter storms can help gauge damage of real storms and disasters, study says - wsj URL 
america's classrooms deserve our support. i'm funding all USER projects in my home state of missouri today. join me! #bestschoolday
looking forward to this! URL 
this is awesome.  URL 
4 phenomenal leaders! #iwd2016 URL 
🏀 tap to watch the game w twitter: #gswvorl. go USER !
getting square started in australia! 🇦🇺 URL 
"get top on the phone" untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by USER URL 
curry the "human cheat code" in nba 2k URL 
tap to watch the game w twitter: #lalvgsw URL 
periscope everywhere! #live  URL 
bananas boys basketball game goes to 4th ot on full-court shot, is won on buzzer-beating three URL 
this is so great URL 
listen to untitled 01 l 08.19.2014. by USER URL 
a1 since day 1 USER ! URL 
USER will look into it
USER can't help you with the first, but on the second, how may i help you?
USER turn on at&amp;t wifi service
USER that's the spirit
and more broadly, companies using twitter for customer service see a +19% lift in customer satisfaction.
companies using twitter to talk with their customers has been something we've seen for over 8 years. one of the fastest and best ways!
a huge welcome to USER ! now using twitter to provide customer support through tweets and dms! URL 
"twitter took to writing his seemingly tormented inner monologue" by USER URL 
🏀 USER park #cpt URL 
this place is amazing: USER #watts URL 
5 point line! #stephgonnasteph "pop doesn't think a 5-point line could stop curry" via USER URL 
🆕 starting today there's an option to keep some money in square cash! instantly cash out to your debit card whenever URL 
USER this changes everything
.USER on #periscope: spacex launch live URL 
.USER on #periscope: are we watching the #oscars or #justiceforflint tonight? #africatv URL 
.USER on #periscope: spacex launch/landing URL 
some kids sell lemonade. he starts a chain. - the new york times URL 
and lede! "steph curry is a ruthless, hyper-coordinated cyborg designed to wreak havoc on nba teams from long distances." 🤖🏀☄
strong headline: "steph curry uncorks game-winner, sets record, crushes thunder’s soul" URL 
"curry's nba peers are in awe, too" via USER #nbatwitter URL 
wow, this is a cool visual #gswatokc  URL 
weezy meets curry? URL 
best. game. ever. #stephencurry  URL 
in february halfway through season USER #stephgonnasteph  URL 
lupita nyong’o and trevor noah, and their meaningful roles USER URL 
🏀 here: #okcvgsw URL 
⚽️ premier league fans! get to the upcoming games by tapping/clicking this hashtag: #bpl URL 
🏀 tip! see the upcoming games by tapping/clicking this hashtag: #nba URL 
USER #nowplaying "i love kanye" by kanye west in USER URL 
#nowplaying "fml" by kanye west in USER URL 
USER thanks for making great vines!
.USER on #periscope: doc rivers' pregame press conference - clippers vs nuggets URL 
◻️ USER asking square's newest board members ruth simmons &amp; USER why they joined: "i run with winners!" URL 
USER everything. fortunately: there's an archive.
the USER team continues to build the best developer tools out there! this one was a huge request. delivered! URL 
USER go into your settings and look for "personalized"
welcoming USER to USER as our vp of global communications!
.USER on #periscope: first broadcast URL 
.USER on #periscope: steph curry's warmup URL 
we stand with USER and apple (and thank him for his leadership)! URL 
customer service on twitter is huge! and now customers can take an issue private into dm &amp; give nps/csat ratings! URL 
thank you for visiting us president USER and madam first lady! URL 
videos in your dm starting today, too! URL 
(works in dm, too!)
no more copy and pasting: search for and add gifs right from the tweetbox! URL 
square payroll is now live in 5 more states! URL 
i by king USER URL 
hit follow on this and the best grammy tweets will be in your tl live  URL 
.USER on #periscope: untitled URL 
great catching up today in the dc transition office with my good friend USER . URL 
join us tomorrow night in cincinnati for the first stop on our thank you tour! URL 
looking forward to welcoming USER to indiana tomorrow afternoon for an exciting announcement at USER !
back to work at trump tower. busy morning with important announcements already &amp; more to come. URL 
our thoughts and prayers are with those recovering at ohio state. fast action by law enforcement saved many innocent lives today.
after a restful holiday with family, good to be back in new york for transition meetings today with president-elect… URL 
the tyrant #castro is dead. new hope dawns. we will stand with the oppressed cuban people for a free and democratic cuba. viva cuba libre!
today, we give thanks for the many blessings in our lives: family, friends, freedom and faith. from our family to y… URL 
great to stop by USER this morning, an organization making a difference everyday in the indy community: URL 
inspiring to be w/ people who know the best way to give thanks is to give your time, treasure &amp; talent to those in… URL 
heading back home again to indiana after another productive day for the USER team in new york city #maga
i'll be on USER tonight at 10 pm et talking about the transition &amp; USER 's policy plans for the first 100 days
productive day in washington dc at our USER headquarters. looking forward to being in new york tomorrow! URL 
i'll be on USER live this morning at 9 am et.
great day of meetings on capitol hill with house and senate leadership talking about working together on a trump ag… URL 
great meeting w/ gop governors at USER discussing president-elect USER plan to partner w/ states to… URL 
we honor all those who have worn the uniform of the united states of america. happy veterans day!
grateful to be home with my wife karen, daughter charlotte &amp; my mom. wherever my duties take me as vp, my heart wil… URL 
everything i am, everything i will ever be, i owe god, my parents, my family and the state of indiana. thank you fo… URL 
thank you for the invitation. i appreciated the warm reception by you and your staff. URL 
just spoke to USER . discussed america's longstanding and close relationship with the uk. URL 
warm welcome from USER this afternoon. we're eager to work alongside you as we strive for a safer, more pr… URL 
great meeting today with USER at the capitol. we look forward to partnering in the days ahead to… URL 
we're boarding trump force 2 in nyc to depart for d.c. for the first time as vice president-elect. then, we'll head… URL 
as the father of a marine, i'm proud today to honor USER on 241 years of defending our freedom and this nation. #happybirthdaymarines
congratulations to my friend USER , indiana's next great governor and the leader who will keep our state moving forward.
watching election returns with USER in our hq. #electionnight URL 
thank you indiana for making our state first on the board to vote to make america great again! USER 
the outcome of this historic election rests in your hands. if you stand for a stronger america, cast your vote for… URL 
trump force 2 has landed in nyc! thanks to everyone who has joined us on this journey. URL 
this election day, america is standing at the crossroads of history. rt this if you're voting for USER .… URL 
we've cast our vote. have you? find your polling place at URL . if you do your part, we will… URL 
i'm joining USER on air live soon. tune in! URL 
morning bike ride to kick off election day. next stop -&gt; the voting booth. URL 
join me live soon this election day on USER . tune in: URL 
the polls are open in indiana! cast your vote for USER , USER &amp; USER to move in forward URL 
landed in indy in time for election day. great to be back home again! URL 
this is it. grab your neighbors &amp; friends and make plans to URL . if we each do our part, we wil… URL 
join USER and me live soon in grand rapids, mi for our final rally of the campaign. watch: URL 
one rally to go. look forward to getting back to indiana to cast my vote for USER , USER and… URL 
this movement in new hampshire is ready to #maga! we'll see you at our next rally alongside USER in mic… URL 
huge crowd gathered tonight at snhu arena in manchester, nh for USER ! URL 
and with that, our final solo rally of the campaign comes to a close. tomorrow, we will #makeamericagreatagain. URL 
last solo rally of the campaign at USER in erie, pa! with your vote, we are just 1 day away from the change a… URL 
we're taking the stage at USER in erie, pa now. watch live: URL 
thank you traverse city! mi's ready to close the history book on the clinton's corruption by sending… URL 
we're taking the stage in traverse city, mi now. tune in live: URL 
the chill didn't keep our #trumppence16 supporters from rallying in duluth! we have momentum here in minnesota for… URL 
mn is facing skyrocketing healthcare costs under obamacare. USER will repeal it lock, stock, and barrel: URL 
join us live now from the airport hanger in duluth, mn. watch: URL 
with just 1 day left in this race, we'll hit the road tomorrow in minnesota, michigan, pennsylvania &amp; new hampshire: URL 
great crowd at our nh get out the vote rally at the derry-windham campaign office. we'll be back tomorrow in manche… URL 
special guest USER joined my wife karen and me tonight in hickory, nc. this election day, we will… URL 
beautiful night in hickory, nc! under a potus USER , we'll put conservative principles into practice to… URL 
we've touched down at hickory regional airport in north carolina. join us live now from the airport hanger:… URL 
thank you, panama city! USER is leading the movement of the future. florida is ready to… URL 
glad to spend a few minutes with fl's next second district congressman, neal dunn! we need conservative leaders lik… URL 
stopping in at pier park in panama city beach, fl to visit with folks enjoying the sunshine URL 
we've landed in panama city, fl! tune in to our rally at 1pm cst: URL 
join us today for a get out the vote rally at the derry-windham trump campaign office in nh. doors open at 6:30pm: URL 
today, we're heading to nc to rally for USER ! gates open at hickory regional airport at 3pm. tickets: URL 
we're wheels up to our rally in panama city, fl! doors open at the edgewater beach &amp; golf resort at 11am. join us: URL 
glad everybody's ok. grateful for swift response of secret service &amp; law enforcement. as USER said, "no… URL 
we're back on the road tomorrow in florida, north carolina and new hampshire. join us: URL 
honored to meet retired lt. col. louis dorfman, who gave USER the purple heart he earned in combat. tha… URL 
huge crowd tonight at george mason university! we're on the path to victory, and virginia is ready for election day… URL 
karen rallies our overflow crowd at george mason university in fairfax, va before taking the stage URL 
overflow crowd. i can hear their excitement. join me live as i take the stage at george mason university. tune in: URL 
conservative leaders like USER will get this country back on track. missouri, vote for roy on nov. 8th #mosen URL 
can't get to a volunteer office? make calls from home for #trumppence16 this weekend. join trump talk: URL 
thank you to all of our hardworking volunteers phone banking in richmond, va! every call brings us closer to making… URL 
join me tonight at george mason university in fairfax, va. doors open at 6pm. tickets: URL 
republicans are coming home. with the support of USER , USER , USER and republicans across the nat… URL 
republicans are coming together in wisconsin. standing with USER and conservative leaders to support republicans… URL 
great morning in holland, mi! with just 3 days to go, we're heading to wi and va to deliver our closing argument to… URL 
we're back on the road tomorrow in michigan, wisconsin and virginia. join us: URL 
thank you miami! a USER administration will be on the side of freedom &amp; a better life in this hemispher… URL 
.USER will repeal obama's executive orders on cuba &amp; continue the embargo until there is real political &amp; religious freedom
stopped by the world famous cafe versailles in little havana before our rally in miami tonight #maga URL 
getting ready to join the USER live from the campaign trail. tune in!
thank you greenville! great to have the 'women for trump' bus tour join us this afternoon at our rally as they cris… URL 
great to be in lansing, michigan! we're wheels up to greenville for this afternoon's rally! URL 
wrapping a great day on the trail with USER ! join me tomorrow in michigan, north carolina and florida. tickets:… URL 
nice try gov. can't help you on sunday, but we are so grateful for your support on tuesday! #maga URL 
great rally in pennsylvania! USER will fight for a government of, by and for the people. we will… URL 
joining USER to stump for USER at the USER in kalamazoo, mi. this crowd is ready to… URL 
so proud of my wife karen introducing melania who delivered a beautiful speech about the promise of america. togeth… URL 
.USER and i are grateful to stand shoulder-to-shoulder on the trail with one of america's great conserv… URL 
proud of karen who today will be introducing our country's next first lady, melania trump, in pa. our nation is coming together to #maga.
great rally in prole, ia! at this important crossroads for our country, republicans must choose the path in defense… URL 
excited to be campaigning w/ USER . it's time for republicans to come home. join us live at the bruere farm in ia URL 
join me on the campaign trail tomorrow with senator USER in prole, ia and kalamazoo, mi. tickets: URL 
thank you loveland, co! a president USER will push for bold change, powered by the people and their lov… URL 
our new "trump force 2" is sporting fresh paint and ready to help us make the final push to election day! next stop… URL 
we powered through the rain for another great rally in las cruces, nm! we're on the cusp of an incredible, historic… URL 
we've touched down in las cruces, nm! join us live from the airport hanger as we rally for USER ! watch:… URL 
#icymi i joined USER from the campaign trail to discuss the state of the race. catch it here: URL 
thank you mesa, az! while USER continues to climb in the polls, americans are working hard to win back… URL 
great to be on stage with arizona's great governor USER at our #trumppence16 rally in mesa, az! URL 
our prayers are with the two fallen iowa police officers, their families and law enforcement. our first responders represent the best of us.
tomorrow, we'll be on the road campaigning in arizona, new mexico and colorado. join us: URL 
what a crowd in youngwood, pa! with just one week left in this race, this movement is stronger than ever before!… URL 
the choice in this election couldn’t be more clear. URL 
with USER , we will get more of the same from the last 7.5 years—more taxes, more spending, more regulati… URL 
our next president and a republican congress must lead the effort to bring much-needed free market reforms to the h… URL 
since 2010, americans have been suffering under the economic burden of #obamacare, with its runaway costs, higher premiums &amp; fewer choices.
join USER and me live soon for a joint speech in pennsylvania on #obamacare. watch: URL 
tomorrow, we are on the campaign trail in pennsylvania! join us for our stops in king of prussia and youngwood: URL 
these adorable trick-or-treaters joined us tonight at our rally in clearwater, fl! happy halloween! URL 
great rally in clearwater! in 8 days, we are going to win florida and we are going to win back the white house!… URL 
no power? no problem. this movement's incredible energy and a bullhorn were enough to power the night! thank you cl… URL 
wheels down &amp; onto the stage in clearwater, fl! USER is fighting for every american yearning for a bett… URL 
our tremendous movement to #makeamericagreatagain is making waves across the state of florida! thank you, maitland! URL 
stopping in to see the folks in our overflow crowd in maitland, fl. these supporters are fired up! tune in:… URL 
thank you to the men and women of our law enforcement community in florida and across the country! USER … URL 
here on florida's space coast, we're just 8 days away from blasting off to a great victory! USER will l… URL 
we’re going to relaunch the national space policy council headed by the vice president of the united states of america.
america must lead the way on the final frontier. we'll expand public-private partnerships and focus nasa's mission on deep space exploration
.USER and i have a plan to make the american space industry great again!
i'm taking the stage for our rally at the space coast convention center in cocoa, fl. tune in live here:… URL 
those were the days! our family is wishing everyone a #happyhalloween! URL 
took this great shot of the team aboard trump force 2. with election day near, we're wheels up to florida! happy ha… URL 
tomorrow, we're headed to the sunshine state! tickets available for our rallies in cocoa, maitland and clearwater: URL 
under the proven leadership of USER , USER &amp; USER , indiana's success knows no bounds!… URL 
.USER will continue indiana's forward momentum as the hoosier state's next governor! proud to campaign wit… URL 
great crowd in rochester, nh! the voices in this movement represent a bright new future for our great nation.… URL 
great to be back in nh! i'm taking the stage at our rally in rochester soon. tune in here: URL 
congratulations to those participating in today's USER ! #runwiththemarines URL 
join me live in studio on USER with USER now! URL 
looking forward to campaigning tomorrow for indiana's next governor, USER ! URL 
tune in tomorrow morning to USER , USER , and USER as we discuss our momentum in the final stretch of the race.
we're back on the campaign trail in new hampshire tomorrow! join us in rochester at 1pm: URL 
thank you jacksonville, nc! with just 10 days to go, we've got momentum on our side. it's time to vote to… URL 
wheels down in jacksonville! north carolina's "stepping up" to #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
getting in the fall spirit with the folks of bynum's pumpkin farm at a farmer's market in raleigh, nc. URL 
we're stopping in at a farmer's market in raleigh, nc to visit with folks and pick up pumpkins to display on trump… URL 
beautiful day to tailgate at the #bcvsncsu game with USER at carter-finley stadium in raleigh! URL 
join us on the road today at our rally in jacksonville, nc! gates open at 1pm. tickets: URL 
.USER , USER &amp; nc know that conservative principles work every time you put them into practice. t… URL 
for her decades of self-dealing, pay-to-play and outright corruption, we must ensure that USER will never be elected potus!
.USER and i commend the fbi for reopening an investigation into clinton's personal email server because no one is above the law.
we're on the road, traveling to smithfield, nc! tune in here to join us live tonight —&gt; URL 
millions of hardworking, patriotic americans are joining in this movement to save our country. pa is ready to… URL 
with all of USER 's swirling controversies, this election is about bigger things than her small ethics. donald trump will #maga.
we call on the fbi to immediately release all emails pertinent to their investigation. americans have the right to know before election day.
we're taking the stage in bucks county, pa now. tune in live here —&gt; URL 
onward! we're back on the campaign trail today. join us in pennsylvania and north carolina. tickets:… URL 
we're on air with USER now. tune in live! URL 
i'm on air with USER live in studio soon. tune in! URL 
join me on the  USER with USER and USER this morning as we discuss the state of the race URL 
we're joining USER live in studio this morning. tune in! URL 
so thankful everyone on our plane is safe. grateful for our first responders &amp; the concern &amp; prayers of so many. back on the trail tomorrow!
a ground hold at laguardia led to some football on the tarmac in iowa. #gameon URL 
great rally in fort dodge, ia! our campaign is powered by our love for this country. this movement is ready to… URL 
this november, we're going to make this a country of, for, and by the people once again. thank you, omaha! #maga URL 
join us live now at our campaign rally in omaha, ne: URL 
join me on the campaign trail tomorrow in nebraska and iowa! tickets: URL 
great rally in colorado springs! together, we're making history. co is working to bring us over the finish line thi… URL 
overflow crowd in salt lake city! with utah's strong support this election, we will deliver a massive victory for t… URL 
we have a roaring crowd here in salt lake city! utah is ready to #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
my fellow republicans and conservatives, it is time to come together as one voice. URL 
i'm taking the stage soon at our rally in salt lake city, ut. tune in live: URL 
heavy hearts today. our beagle of 13 years passed away quietly last night. rest in peace, maverick. we will miss yo… URL 
a very talented #trumppence16 supporter in reno, nv created this rally sign art for us. we've hung it up aboard tru… URL 
great rally in reno! in this final stretch of the campaign, we must do everything we can to elect USER … URL 
the choice before us is clear. my fellow republicans, it's time to come home. URL 
with just 13 days to go, we're hitting the ground running. join me on the trail today in nevada, utah and colorado.… URL 
reporters rolled a baseball up the cabin to ask about my #worldseries pick. they got my answer. URL 
thank you, marietta! i have every confidence in our grassroots supporters here in ohio to lead the way in electing… URL 
great rally in ashland! this election will determine america's future for generations to come. ohio knows we must e… URL 
thanking the airman of the ohio air national guard in mansfield for defending this nation at war and keeping us saf… URL 
with just two weeks left until election day, we're hitting the trail in battleground ohio to bring this team to vic… URL 
wheels down in ohio! tune into our rally now live in swanton: URL 
join me on the campaign trail tomorrow in ohio! tickets are available for our stops in swanton, ashland &amp; marietta: URL 
thank you greensboro! USER is winning hearts and minds every day. this november, nc's ready to send him… URL 
it's time to come together to ensure that USER is never elected president of the united states. URL 
sitting down for some old-fashioned barbecue at stamey's in greensboro, nc URL 
higher premiums, less competition &amp; fewer choices lie ahead for obamacare. USER wants more of the same. URL 
great rally at USER ! we're fighting to give every american, in every corner of this nation, the chance t… URL 
great to be back on the ground campaigning in north carolina! we'll be rallying with voters in salisbury and greens… URL 
we're loaded up and headed to north carolina! join us on the road today. tickets: URL 
.USER 's revolutionary “contract with the american voter” will revitalize america’s economy and #maga —&gt; URL 
this crowd tonight in cleveland, oh is fired up! USER is ready to fight for you to… URL 
we're wheels down in cleveland! USER and i will see you at our rally at 7pm. tune in live here:… URL 
.USER &amp; i believe that the men &amp; women in law enforcement represent the best of us. grateful to thank t… URL 
.USER 's 100-day action plan to #makeamericagreatagain begins with restoring honesty, accountability and… URL 
we're rallying volunteers at the trump victory center in delaware county, oh as they make calls &amp; reach out to vote… URL 
enjoying a great pizza at tommy's pizza in columbus, oh! URL 
incredible crowd at this year's circleville pumpkin show! thanks for having us out to take part in this annual ohio… URL 
picking up hand-dipped chocolates at the circleville pumpkin show from wittich's candy, a family owned and operated… URL 
on this cool autumn day, we're visiting with ohio voters at the far-famed and historic circleville pumpkin show! URL 
thankful to join faith leaders in oh today. USER and i are committed to ensuring the voice of faith in… URL 
grateful to join the oh USER fall family forum. if we keep faith in god and the boundless potential of… URL 
the future of ag is strong in the hands of those in this sea of blue jackets. happy to join the USER conven… URL 
true to reagan’s doctrine of “peace through strength," USER has rolled out a plan to rebuild our navy —&gt; URL 
these patriotic americans in exeter, nh are ready to elect a president that serves the people—not donors &amp; special… URL 
we're taking the stage now at our rally in exeter, nh. join us live here: URL 
paying a visit to the epping, nh fire department to thank them for their service to their community.… URL 
grabbing a bite on the road and visiting with folks at popovers on the square in epping, nh URL 
stopping in the nashua victory center to rally our hardworking volunteers! sign up to lend a hand in your hometown:… URL 
karen and i stopped by the nashua christian academy in nh to speak to young people about the value of hard work, fa… URL 
we have just 19 days left to share USER 's vision for a stronger america. join me this weekend in nh &amp; oh URL 
this movement's enormous groundswell of support was on full display tonight at our rally in albuquerque! new mexico… URL 
.USER today unveiled a new trade plan to protect american workers —&gt; URL #americafirst
thank you to the men and women on the thin blue line here in nevada and across the country! USER and i… URL 
on the heels of USER 's debate win, we're rallying in reno! the american people are starving for change.… URL 
this election's a choice b/t whether we'll continue to go downhill w/ the same failed policies or choose a stronger… URL 
we've landed in reno, nv! looking forward to our rally soon. URL 
6+ years after obamacare's passage, many americans are facing soaring health care costs and fewer choices. URL 
congrats to my running mate on a big win at tonight's final presidential debate! USER won the debate hands down! #maga
hitting the media center to recap USER 's strong debate performance tonight URL 
when USER becomes president, we are going to repeal and replace obamacare lock, stock and barrel. URL 
.USER 's economic plan will create 25m jobs. USER 's promises more of the same failed policies URL 
.USER 's tax agenda promises to harm our country's economy—costing 300,000+ jobs and reducing wages URL 
women and families deserve better than abortion. life matters, USER . URL 
stopping by trump nevada hq ahead of tonight's debate to address our hardworking volunteers &amp; staff. this team &amp; ne… URL 
we're wheels down in las vegas! ready to cheer on USER tonight as he takes the stage to fight for you,… URL 
america needs to be strong for the world to be safe. experts are heaping praise on USER 's defense plan URL 
thank you, durango! election day is just 20 days away—and folks here in co &amp; across the nation will decide this rac… URL 
join us live now for our rally in durango, co. tune in here: URL 
it was an honor to meet gold star wife staci chiomento. this country owes your husband a debt of gratitude that we… URL 
rounding out our day in fayetteville! north carolina knows our campaign has the policies, ideas and leadership to f… URL 
here in nc, our movement is powered by hard-working americans abandoned by our politicians for decades. this crowd… URL 
doing our part in nc to help the USER relief efforts in the aftermath of hurricane matthew. donate:… URL 
the people of nc are determined to carry forward. USER &amp; i stand w/ you. an attack on our political sys… URL 
at the orange county, nc gop headquarters to stand solemnly with these courageous volunteers in the wake of an act… URL 
great to be back in north carolina! join us for our rallies in wilmington and fayetteville this afternoon. tickets: URL 
thanks for the shoutout USER ! #maga URL 
energetic crowd at the macomb county gop lincoln dinner! USER and i are committed to bringing back amer… URL 
you have an opportunity to play a historic role in bringing real change to our country. sign up today to volunteer: URL 
great crowd in columbus, oh! in this final stretch of the campaign, USER and i will work every day to s… URL 
great rally in mason! ohio knows we need to win on election day to stop USER 's tidal wave of corruption… URL 
tune in live now to our rally in mason, oh: URL 
we are wheels up! join us today on the campaign trail in ohio and michigan. tickets: URL 
thankful everyone is safe after attack on gop hq in nc. political differences are never a justification for violence. standing with USER .
i'll be on USER , USER &amp; USER this morning, check it out!
great to be back in florida for the USER victory dinner! with your help in 24 days we will make america grea… URL 
in 25 days let's make sure florida sends USER to the wh &amp; USER back to the senate #maga #trumppence16
great to be at the 68th annual miami-dade gop lincoln day dinner tonight. thanks for your support! #maga URL 
.USER will reverse pres obama actions w/cuba &amp; maintain the embargo until we see real political change &amp; freedom in that country
with just 25 days until election day, we're back on the trail to campaign in the sunshine state. thank you pensacol… URL 
i'm sitting down to chat with USER and USER on the USER soon. tune in! URL 
join me live this morning on USER . tune in now! URL 
great to join the northampton county gop in bethlehem! over the next 26 days, pa is ready to rise up and work to el… URL 
tremendous welcome at the lehigh county republican fest in pa! #maga URL 
stopping in to visit with diners at jimmie kramer's peanut bar restaurant in reading, pa URL 
great meeting with faith leaders in lititz, pa this morning. men and women of faith cannot choose to stand idly by… URL 
we're glad to be back in pennsylvania on the campaign trail! URL 
#icymi this morning at USER , i urged christians to not sit on the sidelines in this election. watch: URL 
this is another time for choosing in our nation and based on this crowd, north carolina will lead the charge! great… URL 
here in virginia, the cradle of our constitution, this movement knows that together we can and we will… URL 
tune in live now to our rally in salem, va: URL 
we're stopping in for a bowl of chili on the road at the historic texas tavern in roanoke, va. URL 
grateful to speak before students at USER ! this election represents a choice to create a brighter future for o… URL 
looking forward to joining you soon! URL 
tonight on USER : i prefer 'dishonest hillary' not associate with 'honest abe' URL 
grateful tonight to join the USER annual reagan dinner in bettendorf, ia! URL 
on this holiest of jewish days, may our jewish friends be granted a yom kippur of atonement, forgiveness &amp; inscription in the book of life.
toured the talsma farm, a family-owned-and-operated business that has called iowa home for more than 70 years URL 
we're on the trail at a town hall in newton, ia! your voices in iowa and across america represent a bright new futu… URL 
tune in live now to our rally in newton, ia: URL 
in the 28 days ahead, USER and i will fight to revive the american dream for all of our citizens. thank… URL 
hillary clinton is no honest abe. URL 
delicious stop at tony's ice cream, a family-owned-and-operated small business in downtown gastonia, nc, for a coup… URL 
great town hall in charlotte, nc! if we carry out our duty this election and choose freedom and strength, we will… URL 
great to be back on the trail in nc! americans have a choice this election between two candidates and two futures.… URL 
congrats to my running mate USER on a big debate win! proud to stand with you as we #maga.
yet another act of terror in jerusalem—a grave reminder of the dangers facing our most cherished ally. our prayers are with israel.
my statement below: URL 
great rally in rossford to close out our day in ohio! this movement is ready to elect USER and… URL 
stopping in for a bite at the legendary tony packo's in toledo, oh! URL 
visiting with our volunteers at the sandusky victory center in ohio! with their hard work, together we will… URL 
stopping in at your deli in amherst, ohio to visit with the community and try their famous chicken paprikash! URL 
great to be back in the buckeye state on day three of our campaign bus tour. thank you, strongsville oh! URL 
join us tomorrow for day three of our campaign bus tour in rossford, oh! tickets: URL 
this movement is gaining momentum throughout pennsylvania and across the nation. great energy at our rally in johns… URL 
.USER —you cannot lead people you loathe. URL 
enjoying a slice of pie and some laughs with the folks at path valley family restaurant in spring run, pa. URL 
stopping in to surprise our hardworking volunteers in pa who are working each and every day to share… URL 
here in gettysburg, we are reminded of freedom's price. USER will care for our servicemembers &amp; veteran… URL 
inspiring to look into the battlefield cemetery in which president abraham lincoln delivered his immortal gettysbur… URL 
honored to lay a wreath at the ground over which the left wing of the 27th indiana advanced in a charge at gettysbu… URL 
touring the historic gettysburg battlefield—the site of the civil war's bloodiest battle. URL 
our hearts and prayers are with those bracing for hurricane matthew on the east coast. seek shelter and stay safe.
enthusiastic crowd at the grantville volunteer fire company! pa is ready to carry this movement all the way to the… URL 
visiting with great folks in lititz. USER and i will work every day to revive the american dream in pa… URL 
we're on the road, stopping in at bar-b-q ranch in harrisonburg, va to grab one of their locally famous barbecue sa… URL 
today, we're kicking off our campaign bus tour through four battleground states. first stop—harrisonburg, va! URL 
some think i won last night's debate. i'll leave that to others. from where i sat, USER 's vision for america was the real winner
when USER becomes potus, americans will see that real change can happen. we will #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
together, we are fighting to #makeamericagreatagain. text trump to 88022 to join our movement. URL 
a society will be judged by how it treats its most vulnerable. i couldn't be prouder to stand with a pro-life candidate in USER .
i was raised to believe in hard work, in faith and family. #vpdebate URL 
the days of pay-to-play politics for the favored few are over the day that USER becomes president. #vpdebate
history teaches us that weakness arouses evil. america needs to be strong on the world stage. #vpdebate URL 
hillary clinton and tim kaine have a plan for open borders -- amnesty. as ronald reagan said, "a nation without bor… URL 
.USER ’s bold, forward-looking economic plan will increase jobs, wages, incomes and opportunities for all americans. #vpdebate
hillary clinton’s economic plan would send our economy into a tailspin. #bigleaguetruth URL 
there’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the american economy. #vpdebate URL 
7+ years of pres. obama &amp; USER ’s foreign policy has emboldened our enemies. america needs to be strong f… URL 
we're just a couple of hours away from the #vpdebate. tune in tonight at 9pm et: URL 
just 5 weeks stand between us and the most impactful election of our lifetime. chip in and join our movement —&gt; URL 
when USER walks into the oval office, he'll be fighting for you, virginia. thanks for your support in a… URL 
.USER promises action on cybersecurity to protect americans from cyber-crime &amp; national security threats URL 
karen and i send our blessings to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah! we wish you a new year full of peace, joy and happiness.
together, we're making history and bringing back the american dream. join us tomorrow for a rally in ashland, va! URL 
hillary clinton's globalist trade agenda has decimated pennsylvania manufacturing —&gt; URL 
politico: hillary clinton gives her take on sanders supporters in leaked fundraising recording URL 
on this anniversary, we pay tribute to the late henry hyde—a friend and personal mentor. the world is a better plac… URL 
40 years ago, the #hydeamendment was enacted—a milestone in the fight for life. we need a leader who will protect the rights of the unborn.
stopping in for a coney dog at fort wayne's iconic USER ! URL 
i know indiana is ready to lead the way as hoosiers work to elect USER this november! #maga URL 
in knows conservative principles work every time you put them into practice. hoosiers will elect donald trump,… URL 
it's great to be back home again in indiana! join us live now at our rally in fort wayne, in: URL 
join me in supporting USER and USER at a rally in fort wayne, in today at 12pm. tickets: URL 
greatly appreciate all of your help. you're a true friend and a great leader. URL 
.USER is winning hearts and minds every day, and it's all because of you — our tremendous supporters. g… URL 
tune in live now to our rally in york, pa: URL 
in the wake of the tragic new jersey train crash, our hearts &amp; prayers are with the victims, their families and our brave first responders.
americans are joining USER in droves. join us friday for our rally in fort wayne, in! tickets: URL 
the clintons have perfected the politics of personal profit. #followthemoney URL 
thanks USER for introducing #freespeechfairness act to repeal johnson amendment &amp; restore free speech for pastors, faith-based orgs
ohio knows that USER will fight every day to revive the american dream. great rally at leetonia high sc… URL 
.USER contrasts pro-growth economic agenda with hillary clinton's job-killing policies: URL 
stopping in for a bite at USER in girard, oh URL 
we have tremendous momentum, &amp; we can’t let up — join us tomorrow for our rally in york, pa. tickets: URL 
fulfilling prophet joel, "your old men shall dream dreams," shimon peres showed equal courage in war and peace. the world will miss him.
today israel lost a visionary, and the world lost a great statesman. peres personified courage in the face of battle &amp; in pursuit of peace.
our supporters in wisconsin are working hard to bring voters out to the polls for USER this november!… URL 
this national call day, we're in madison, wisconsin making calls and encouraging voters to elect USER a… URL 
we have tremendous momentum right now, &amp; can’t let up for a moment. join us tomorrow for our rally in leetonia, oh! URL 
joining  USER live on USER now to recap USER 's great debate night. URL 
congrats to my running mate USER on a great debate! we will make america great again!
what they're saying about  USER 's great debate (so far) #debatenight URL 
looking forward to watching the next potus, USER , share his vision to make america great again… URL 
getting ready to go on USER w/ USER &amp; USER #debates2016 URL 
going on USER w/ chris matthews from USER now! #debates2016 #presidentialdebate #trumppence16 URL 
on the debate stage tonight, there will be no media filters and no parsing of words #debates2016 URL 
great rally in milford, nh! it's another time for choosing in the life of this nation, and new hampshire is ready t… URL 
tune in live now to our rally in milford, new hampshire: URL 
the union representing 5,000 immigration officers who protect our families &amp; communities endorses USER :… URL 
grabbing a cup of coffee and visiting with iowans at USER in des moines, iowa this morning URL 
great to have USER join us on the campaign trail in iowa tonight! URL 
great crowd at the iowa faith &amp; freedom coalition fall banquet! USER 's vision to #maga is resonating in… URL 
receiving a briefing on flooding in iowa from governor USER , senator USER and congressman… URL 
we're glad to be back in iowa! looking forward to joining the iowa faith &amp; freedom coalition fall family banquet so… URL 
pleased to join USER 's nat'l conference in asheville, nc! our ticket is committed to championing school choice, p… URL 
tax foundation: USER plan will cut taxes, grow wages for americans - USER plan does opposite URL 
.USER 's model for economic revival will bring lower tax rates and controlled government spending and re… URL 
our plane, "spirit of the american soldier," is wheels down in fayetteville, north carolina. URL 
on this national day of action, sign up to knock on doors in your community. with your help, we will #maga… URL 
.USER is a leader of the conservative movement. i'm truly grateful for his endorsement of USER . tog… URL 
welcome to the team USER ! now let's go get this done and win! #maga
together, we have created a movement that continues to gain momentum. join us today, &amp; we'll #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thanks for a great turnout tonight in mesa, arizona! #maga URL 
thrilled to be back in arizona! URL 
.USER and i know and believe that the men and women in law enforcement are the best of us. URL 
thank you, colorado! together with your tremendous support, we will #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
preparing to take the stage for our town hall in colorado springs, co. watch live: URL 
grateful to join faith leaders in colorado springs, co for a roundtable discussion on the voice of faith in this na… URL 
wheels down in colorado springs, co! join us for our town hall this afternoon: URL 
donald trump embodies the spirit of america. #makeamericagreatagain URL 
america's choice has never been more clear. ohio is ready to elect USER to the white house! #maga URL 
.USER and i are deeply committed to ensuring that the voice of faith in america is free again. inspirin… URL 
in these challenging times, there is always more that unites us than divides us; chief among them is faith. our prayers to tulsa &amp; charlotte
we've touched down in cleveland, oh! URL 
650 supporters joined us in the pouring rain in williamsburg, va. virginia is ready to elect USER ! #maga URL 
where i come from, rain is a good thing. thank you williamsburg, va for coming together in the storm to rally aroun… URL 
stopping in at pierce's pitt bar-b-que in williamsburg, va to visit with virginians and enjoy a pulled pork sandwich URL 
inspired to be on the deck of the uss wisconsin. USER will rebuild our military and #maga URL 
those who have worn the uniform and served our country should be first in line for the american dream. #makeamericagreatagain
under the policies of the last seven years, america's place in the world has weakened. we are committed to rebuilding our military.
we're aboard the uss wisconsin in norfolk, va with veterans to discuss USER 's vision for a stronger ame… URL 
pleased to join USER on USER to discuss national security from the uss wisconsin in norfolk, va. #americafirst URL 
great evening in dubuque! iowa is ready to send USER to the white house this november! URL 
great crowd of iowans gathered to support USER at family-owned giese manufacturing in dubuque, ia! URL 
in the wake of the terrorist attacks in new york, new jersey and minnesota... URL 
today, i joined USER from the campaign trail to discuss USER 's vision for america. listen:… URL 
packed house of supporters at the USER ! we feel USER 's momentum here in iowa and across the… URL 
history teaches us that weakness arouses evil. when USER becomes president, #america will once again lead from the world stage
strength does not give comfort to our adversaries; weakness does. #america needs to be strong for the world to be s… URL 
this november, we'll bring courageous american leadership back to the oval office when we elect USER ! URL 
clinton &amp; obama have weakened our standing in the world &amp; emboldened our enemies. hear my interview w/ USER URL 
we've landed in ia! look forward to rallying around donald trump's vision for america with iowans at USER URL 
thank you USER for welcoming us in jacksonville! it was a joy to worship with you. appreciate your prayers URL 
we are thankful that there was no loss of life as a result of these horrific attacks. these challenging times call for prayer and vigilance
our hearts are with those injured, our brave first responders &amp; those investigating the acts of violence in new york, new jersey &amp; minnesota
tailgating with USER fans outside of the swamp before the game! #gogators URL 
bucket list item - arrived in gatorville to watch a USER football game at the swamp! URL 
what an energetic crowd today in the villages, florida! when donald trump becomes potus, we will #maga! URL 
happy #constitutionday2016! this nov let's elect USER , a president who will uphold our constitution URL 
our thoughts &amp; prayers for the USER , USER &amp; USER officers shot in the line of duty last night. thanks for your service.
looking forward to a great rally at the villages tomorrow afternoon. see you all there! #maga URL 
this #hispanicheritage month we recognize the contributions of millions of hispanic &amp; latino americans to our nation's identity. thank you!
honored to introduce USER at the economic club of ny before he laid out his bold agenda to #maga URL 
stopped by campaign hq in nyc this morning to thank the team for their efforts &amp; to finish strong! URL 
we're on USER now, check it out! URL 
we're 55 days away from a great victory for the american people. thank you for your support scranton!  #maga URL 
honored to meet w/ pennsylvania state troopers before our rally tonight in scranton. thank you for your service! URL 
thanks for the warm welcome today from the USER &amp; USER . looking forward to working together to #maga URL 
it is outrageous that some members of the media are taking quotes out of context! URL 
15 yrs from that terrible day we pause to remember &amp; pray for the victims, their families &amp; our first responders. we will #neverforget 9–11.
great crowd at the USER in paris, va this afternoon. together, we will #maga for all americans. URL 
took a moment to offer respects &amp; prayers at the pentagon memorial on the eve of the 15th anniversary of 9/11 URL 
thank you for the warm welcome at the #valuesvoters summit this afternoon! #vvs16 URL 
no one with that low of an opinion of the american people should ever be elected to the highest office in the land. #vvs16
.USER called millions of americans a 'basket of deplorables.' they are americans, and they deserve your respect. #vvs16
my statement on USER 's new school choice policies URL 
grateful for the opportunity to honor the memory of ronald reagan at the USER today. thank you all! URL 
2 different men, 2 different times, but so much the same in the challenges &amp; promise of this moment. as in the days of reagan, we will #maga
ronald reagan &amp; USER are different men w/ different styles, but are fundamentally similar in their honesty, toughness &amp; optimism
.USER will nominate justices to the supreme court in the mold of the late justice antonin scalia
this election is not just about the next 4 years. it will determine the future of the supreme court for the next 40 years USER 
on his 1st day in office USER will repeal every job-killing executive order burdening our job creators USER 
.USER believes in the strength &amp; ingenuity of the american people &amp; will unleash the boundless potential of our economy
there are more than 7 million americans living in poverty today than when USER took office
the foreign policy record of this administration and USER has made america weaker. USER knows weakness arouses evil
like ronald reagan, USER knows that in order to have peace, america needs to be strong
our choice has never been more clear. we can either elect my running mate, a bold truth-teller, or the most dishonest candidate in history
like ronald reagan, USER has the toughness to rebuild our economy and command the respect of the world USER 
and the same belief in the greatness of this country and the same confidence in the boundless potential of the american people (2/2)
at the heart of donald's trump's campaign is the same impatience - the same dissatisfaction with the status quo (1/2)
like ronald reagan, donald trump has the honesty/bluntness to confront the challenges facing the american people from his 1st day in office
ronald reagan's example informed my entire political life and it forms it still to this day USER 
i want to talk to you today about 2 men. one, who has inspired me my entire life &amp; one who has become my good friend USER 
honored to lay a wreath w/ my daughter charlotte at the final resting place of our nation's 40th president URL 
packed house in chesterfield this afternoon, missouri is USER country! URL 
this doesn't look like politics, this looks like obstruction &amp; the american people deserve better #maga URL 
honored to have the next governor of the great state of missouri on board today!  URL 
great to be with my friend USER in springfield missouri this afternoon. thanks for your support! #maga URL 
there's a word that comes to mind when you think of USER deleting nearly 18k emails-'obstruction'
.USER will rebuild our military, stand by allies, stand up to enemies, &amp; will command respect americans deserve &amp; world needs
that's why today 88 generals &amp; admirals endorsed USER as our next commander in chief
it's been amateur hour on the world stage for the last 7 1/2 years and america, our allies and those who defend our freedom know it
despite traveling millions of miles as sos, the world is more dangerous today than the day USER &amp; USER took office
it's time to set the record straight. the leadership of USER &amp; USER has weakened america's place in the world
i was saddened to learn of the passing of phyllis schlafly, the first lady of the conservative movement. may her life ever inspire, rip
wow! incredible crowd at the canfield fair this afternoon. thank you! #maga URL 
amazing ohio - just arrived at the canfield fair with USER ! thank you for your unbelievable support! URL 
heading to youngstown with USER after a great morning in brook park #maga #laborday URL 
stopped by goody's family restaurant for lunch w/ local union leaders before heading to youngstown #americafirst URL 
thx to the american legion post 610 for hosting USER &amp; i for our roundtable w/ labor leaders #laborday URL 
wheels down in cleveland! looking forward to a great #laborday in ohio w/ USER #maga URL 
today we join millions in honoring the life, work and example of saint teresa of calcutta
stopped by the columbus greek festival &amp; tried out some delicious baklava. thanks for the warm welcome! URL 
sat. in sept means college football. happy to spend the afternoon watching USER w/ 100k fans at 'the shoe' URL 
it's a packed house at the #610wtvn tailgate as we approach kickoff for the '16 season at USER #osuvsbg URL 
it's a great day for some college football. perfect weather at USER for their opening game against USER URL 
ran into racing icon richard petty this morning before heading to ohio. enjoy the USER event at USER today! URL 
great time in boise, idaho! USER &amp; i stand w/ law enforcement- including police dogs- that keep us safe. URL 
great day in utah. enjoyed visiting historic temple square in salt lake city w/ sen orrin hatch &amp; gov gary herbert. URL 
education involves great teachers and parents. USER and i believe education is a function of state and local government.
stunning view in salt lake. will speak about future of education w/ USER &amp; visit this amazing city. URL 
exciting night as thousands join us in phoenix to hear USER plan to secure us &amp; put us jobs 1st again URL 
it was an honor to once again join USER in phoenix to speak to the us people on immigration reform! URL 
my statement on USER meeting with president of mexico. URL 
on the move to phoenix to introduce USER as he delivers his immigration address tonight.
thank you to everyone who showed up despite the weather in sarasota, fl! we will make america great again! URL 
we are working hard to get to sarasota, fl! i appreciate everyone who is braving  the weather!
called my good friend senator mccain today and offered our congratulations.
just arrived in florida. looking forward to a great town hall meeting in sarasota tomorrow. together we can make america great again!
congratulating USER on winning the florida senate gop nomination. URL 
great evening with USER and a packed venue in winston-salem, nc talking about us jobs and the economy! URL 
honored to stand with rep. tom graves in front of great crowd in dalton, ga. ready to go out and #maga URL 
couldn't stop in atlanta without getting a dog &amp; frosted orange at the USER . URL 
georgia: thank you for the warm welcome &amp; strong support! hope you will tune into USER at 11am. i'll be live &amp; in studio.
full house outside atlanta, ga with congressman tom price! we will bring back us jobs and #maga! URL 
amazing energy &amp; crowd in perry, ga. we will fight for farmers, rebuild the military, create jobs &amp; #maga! URL 
humbled to have the support of a great republican leader, former georgia governor sonny perdue. URL 
was with USER on cnn this am about clinton's amnesty plan and scandals. tune in at @ noon URL 
virginia played a critical role in the founding of this great nation &amp; will play a critical role in taking it back. URL 
great to see old friends and an energized virginia republican party. we can bring new leadership to us and maga! URL 
stopped in at a millie's diner, local institution, while in richmond, va. can't wait to dig into the "devil's mess". URL 
great crowd to open the trump-pence office in carmel, in. common sense leadership that's working here can maga! URL 
we are leaving nc and getting back to indiana. serious storms and tornados. please keep hoosiers in your prayers.
couldn't pass up the chance to stop at winnie's and get the best burger in wilmington, nc! URL 
hard working men and women at charlotte pipe &amp; foundry recycle metal into components to build a stronger america. URL 
great visit at charlotte pipe and foundry in nc. spoke about growing the economy and bringing jobs back to the us! URL 
the clinton foundation must shut down &amp; a special prosecutor needs to determine if hillary clinton was for sale. URL 
met some great us workers in pa yesterday. looking forward to seeing factories in charlotte &amp; wilmington, nc today! URL 
got a great haircut from henry jones in norristown, pa. read about it here: URL 
great visit and factory tour in pipersville, pa today. we will grow this economy and put us workers first! URL 
had a great tour at a factory in king of prussia, pa and spoke on the economy and bringing us jobs back! URL 
watch me live in pipersville, pa soon! URL 
visited a factory in iowa today. USER and i will grow this economy and put us workers first! URL 
shoutout to USER .  my mom and i also enjoy USER on the plane. #trumppence16 URL 
great meeting workers in cedar rapids, ia &amp; talking about supporting us manufacturing jobs. URL 
it was a great honor to tour the USER with governor terry branstad! URL 
karen, charlotte &amp; i were honored to welcome USER to indiana. watch interview monday on  USER . URL 
people of la are showing tremendous strength. keep them in prayers and if you can, help out URL 
last weekend of the USER ! head over and #castyourkernel for USER to ensure he stays ahead of hillary! #trumppence16
full house in manchester, nh to hear how USER &amp; i will restore law and order and make us safe again! URL 
great interview with USER on how we will keep us safe from terrorists and drugs. tune in to USER sun @ 10am. URL 
great crowd in henderson, nv talking about how USER and i will make america safe again! #trumppence16 URL 
great night in roswell, nm with energetic crowd focused on restoring law &amp; order and making america great again. URL 
while USER delivers address about restoring law &amp; order i'm honored to stand with officers in nm! URL 
had a great time with USER and the great crowd in albuquerque talking about us safety and us jobs! URL 
looking forward to nm tomorrow to speak on how we will make america safe again! rsvp URL 
we must defeat radical islamic terorrism. proud to introduce USER to outline his vision to #maga. URL 
see the replay of my interview on USER and how USER and i will make america great again URL 
karen and i had a great day in my hometown of columbus, in with USER at USER and USER ! URL 
great speaking with chris wallace today. watch the interview this weekend on USER . URL 
great event in milwaukee wi with USER ! looking forward to bringing us jobs back &amp; growing the economy! #maga URL 
thank you la crosse, wi for a great event! we will bring back jobs, grow this economy and make america great again! URL 
great event in cambridge oh! happy to share stage with congressman bill johnson &amp; speak about jobs &amp; security! #maga URL 
good speaking with USER about hillary's latest scandal &amp; us security. check it out later tonight.
thank you dayton, oh for a great event! we will bring jobs back, grow the economy and make america safe again! #maga URL 
on my way to dayton, oh &amp; then onto cambridge, oh to talk jobs &amp; security. not too late to rsvp for wi on thu! URL 
spoke to and congratulated my good friend speaker USER last night. looking forward to working with him to #maga!
thank you pittsburgh, pa for a great event! we will grow our jobs, economy and make america safe again! #maga URL 
rsvp to hear how djt &amp; i will put american jobs 1st &amp; #maga in wi.  la crosse URL milwaukee URL 
thank you lancaster, pa! we will bring back american jobs and grow the economy! time to make america great again! URL 
full house with the great people of lancaster, pa! together we can make america safe, bring back jobs! #maga URL 
looking forward to 2 events in pa today and oh tomorrow! not too late to rsvp! URL 
thank you council bluffs, ia! together we will bring back the jobs and economy that america deserves! #maga URL 
honored to share stage with USER in council bluffs, ia discussing USER plan to put america 1st! URL 
thanks rep steve king for your support of #trumppence! we will put american jobs 1st &amp; make america great again! URL 
thank you sioux city iowa! we will make america great again together! #maga URL 
excited to see ia in a few hours and then on to pa for tomorrow! not too late to rsvp URL 
we're headed for pa tomorrow. see you all there!   lancaster, pa  3 pm URL pittsburgh, pa 7 pm  URL 
join me in iowa on monday. look forward to it!  sioux city, ia 4pm URL council bluffs, ia 7pm URL 
met some great people &amp; had some great food in cincy at USER . thank you for your support. we will #maga! URL 
stopped by dearborn county gop to thank everyone for their hard work to help elect USER &amp; to #maga. URL 
lets go #teamusa #openingceremony #rio2016 URL 
president obama &amp; hillary clinton's #foreignpolicy: URL 
the most important roll i will ever play as a dad: URL 
thank you green bay, wisconsin! we are grateful for your unbelievable support. #trumppence16 #bts URL 
it was great seeing iowa governor USER this afternoon. USER &amp; i appreciate his support! #maga URL 
#makeamericagreatagain  #desmoines #iowa #trumptrain URL 
thank you for your unbelievable support- des moines, iowa!  #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thank you for your support since departing cleveland, america! working together, we will make america great again! URL 
there is no question that this is a movement. your support has been absolutely incredible! thank you norfolk, va! URL 
happy birthday to the USER ! thank you for everything that you do, day in &amp; day out! #coastguardday URL 
we are united - this movement is united! we are going to make donald trump the next potus! thank you virginia beach! URL 
we had an unbelievable time this morning in raleigh, north carolina! thanks so much for your amazing support! #maga URL 
join USER and i in iowa and wisconsin - tomorrow!  #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
join me! 8/4  10a raleigh, nc: URL 3p virginia beach: URL 7p norfolk, va: URL 
thank you colorado springs! we are grateful for your support. i will see you all soon! #maga #trumptrain URL 
great meeting weston, in co today. he is the founder of jefferson county colorado #kidsfortrump! thank you weston! URL 
i strongly support paul ryan and endorse his re-election..... URL 
thank you for the amazing amount of support denver, colorado! i am very grateful! we are going to #maga URL 
i talked to USER this morning about my support for paul ryan and our longtime friend ship.... URL 
thank you for your support, america! i look forward to a great afternoon &amp; evening in colorado! URL 
join me in colorado, today! look forward to seeing you!  denver- 2pm URL colorado springs- 6pm URL 
really enjoyed our #townhall this evening- phoenix, arizona! thank you. i look forward to coming back again soon. URL 
thank you for your kind support- tucson, arizona! we are extremely grateful. #trumppence16 #maga URL 
join me in colorado- tomorrow!  2pm- denver  URL 6pm- colorado springs URL #makeamericagreatagain
thank you for all of your support! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thanks to the men and women of law enforcement in nevada &amp; across the us! #trumppence16 #lesm URL 
thank you reno, nevada! together, we will #makeamericagreatagain! i am grateful for your support this evening! URL 
thank you carson city, nevada! we are grateful for your support! together, we will #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
stopped by USER office today in nevada! thank you to all of the volunteers for your support! #trumppence16 URL 
arriving in reno - looking forward to our rallies &amp; meeting everyone. together, we will #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
donald trump and i believe that captain humayun khan is an american hero and his family, like all.... cont: URL 
great to stop in for a quick haircut at USER in indianapolis! URL 
thank you lima, ohio for your amazing support today! together - we will #makeamericagreatagain! #trumppence16 URL 
happy birthday ines!  #trumppence16 URL 
thank you!! #alecindy  URL 
thanks again - a great morning back in indiana! URL 
this am's governor's ride. thank you for your support! all proceeds go to the indiana national guard relief fund. URL 
another attack on our men &amp; women in law enforcement. our prayers for the victims in san diego &amp; their families. this violence must stop.
thank you oakland county, michigan! we appreciate your unbelievable support! #maga #trumptrain URL 
thank you for all of your support! #trumppence16 #maga  URL 
joining USER radio at 5pm!  #trumppence16
a beautiful morning with the USER . thank you for all of your support. lets #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
join me in grand rapids, michigan- today at 3pm! see you soon! #trumppence16 #maga tickets: URL 
thank you scranton, pennsylvania!  URL 
great speaking with my good friend USER - on the importance of stopping hrc, airing throughout the day. #makeamericagreatagain
good morning! join me in lima, ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. #maga tickets: URL 
thank you wisconsin! #maga #trumppence16 URL 
join me in grand rapids, michigan tomorrow! #trumppence16 #maga URL 
thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america! URL 
statement  the fbi will get to the bottom of who is behind the hacking. if it is russia and they are interfering...  URL 
join me wisconsin &amp; michigan! #trumppence16 #maga URL 
an honor to speak this morning at the 117th #vfwconvention in charlotte, north carolina. URL 
thank you north carolina! USER &amp; i are grateful for your support! #trumppence16 URL 
thank you for a great evening, winston-salem, north carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trumppence16 URL 
thank you for all of your support! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thank you virginia! we will be back soon! #trumppence16 URL 
flying to roanoke, virginia with USER &amp; team! #makeamericagreatagain  #trumppence16 URL 
well said USER on #mtp. there will never be a place in our party for that man or his hateful rhetoric.  URL 
our hearts are breaking again in the wake of today's appalling attack in munich. we pray for the innocent victims...URL 
proud to officially join USER as our party’s vice presidential candidate. together, we will #makeamericagreatagain!
honored to join the american conservative union at the rnc convention today. let's #makeamericaworkagain! #rncincle URL 
an honor to meet jane horton whose husband spc christopher horton was an army sniper killed in action in afghanistan URL 
it's so humbling to feel the incredible support from hoosiers across the state. thanks for such a warm welcome home! URL 
wow - what a crowd! such an honor for my little family to be welcomed home by so many hoosiers. #sweethomeindiana URL 
busy weekend in ny! enjoying a quick dinner with the family at USER . looking forward to getting back to indiana. URL 
join me in zionsville, indiana today for a rally! URL 
join me &amp; USER to come together - as a party, and a people, and a movement - to #makeamericagreatagain!  URL 
honored to join USER and work to make america great again.  URL 
keep commonsense, conservative ideas moving forward. join #teampence today! URL 
with a burgeoning tech industry, we are well on our way to making indiana a "silicon prairie."… URL 
excited about talking agriculture today at the delaware county fairgrounds. #agroundtable URL 
get a behind-the-scenes look on USER : mike.pence URL 
lots of sunshine at the USER today in fort wayne. thanks to all for coming out! URL 
would you look at that - i got to meet mike pence of pence's carmel corn shop!  pleasure to meet you, mike! URL 
enjoying a beautiful day in fort wayne!  glad to be at the USER . URL 
glad to be with friends in fort wayne at the USER ! URL 
we will not rest until we elect USER as the next president of the united states of america!
let us resolve here and now that from this day forward, we will stand together. we will unite.
it would be "extremely careless" to elect hillary clinton as the next president of the united states.
hillary clinton must never become the president of the united states of america!
donald trump knows that we can make america great again. USER 
donald trump knows that the boundless potential of the american people awaits. USER 
the american people are tired of having a mountain of debt weighing on our children, and our grandchildren.
the american people are tired of being told this is as good as it gets.
we are ready for change in the united states of america. we are ready for USER to be our president!
now in has more people going to work every day in the state's history. that's what republican leadership gets you.
here in in we have balanced budgets, we've cut taxes, and we've made record investments in education and infrastructure.
my fellow hoosiers we are 119 days away from a great day in history when in becomes the first state on the board to elect USER 
stay tuned for live tweeting at the USER rally tonight in westfield!
spent time with 4-hers, mom, my brother, &amp; longtime friends &amp; neighbors tn. thx bartholomew county for a great time! URL 
great to see USER in our home county tonight at the bartholomew county fair! #gosmoke URL 
loving spending time with friends at the bartholomew county fair this evening. URL 
county fairs in in are a great place to spend time with family. glad to be at the bartholomew county fair. URL 
it takes hard work &amp; dedication to raise animals. proud of the hardworking 4-hers of bartholomew county. URL 
spending time with mom at the bartholomew county fair! just like old times. URL 
so good to be in my home county tonight at the bartholomew county fair! URL 
had a great time with karen at the decatur county fair tonight. thanks for a great evening! URL 
got to talk with the folks at USER &amp; USER - two great radio stations in southeast indiana! URL 
enjoying some fried fish cooked up by the letts community volunteer fire department! URL 
proud to see all the hard work the 4-hers have put into their projects at the decatur county fair. URL 
enjoying time with friends in decatur county at the 4-h fair! URL 
karen &amp; i are excited to be at the opening night of the decatur county fair! URL 
fantastic time with so many friends today! big thanks to USER for a great lunch! URL 
great company &amp; great pizza at USER ! 🍕 URL 
grabbing pizza today with friends at USER ! URL 
editorial by major general martin umbarger: indiana's vets getting regard they deserve URL 
great piece by general martin umbarger about how in supports our veterans. honored to have his friendship &amp; support. URL 
love meeting 4-hers and seeing all the hard work they put into their projects &amp; animals. URL 
glad the line's not too long for a corn dog and a lemon shake-up! URL 
karen &amp; i are having a great time with friends in shelby county! #shelbycounty4hfair URL 
county fairs are a part of hoosier heritage. enjoying time at the shelby county fair today. URL 
karen &amp; i are enjoying the shelby county fair. can't wait for a lemon shake-up &amp; a corn dog! URL 
enjoying visiting with hoosiers in fishers! looking forward to an awesome show at #blastonthebridge2016 URL 
the blast on the bridge in fishers is one of central indiana's largest fireworks displays! #blastonthebridge2016 URL 
spending time with friends in fishers! #blastonthebridge2016 URL 
getting ready for #blastonthebridge2016 in fishers! 🎉 URL 
thanks to everyone for coming out &amp; showing your #teampence support in noblesville! URL 
huge crowd at the noblesville independence day parade today! URL 
celebrating independence day with friends at the noblesville parade! URL 
karen &amp; i thoroughly enjoyed spending time with hoosiers at the linton parade today! URL 
today we celebrate our freedom and independence and the blessing of living in the greatest country on earth. URL 
thanks to the patriotic crowd in linton for coming out to the parade! URL 
great way to spend the fourth of july - at the linton parade! #independenceday URL 
rain couldn't stop a great time at the linton parade!  happy independence day from #teampence! URL 
another aaa credit rating! USER proved what hoosiers already know- in's economy is running on all cylinders URL 
donate today to ensure indiana moves forward w/ principled, conservative values #teampence URL 
statement by USER on john gregg giving himself $200k taxpayer-funded insurance perk. URL 
i will continue to fight to protect hoosiers' right to keep &amp; bear arms. URL 
i am &amp; will always be a strong proponent of the second amendment. URL 
here in indiana, we believe in the right to keep and bear arms. URL 
in good company at the fourth annual governor's shoot! #indianagunclub URL 
at the fourth annual governor's shoot at the indiana gun club today! URL 
it was time for a haircut. good thing sherman's barber shop in edinburgh was nearby! thanks for a great cut! URL 
article: what mike pence gets right about indiana’s economy URL 
can't wait for #supersaturday tomorrow!  join the fun by signing up at the link. URL 
hoosier coal miners have a message for hillary clinton &amp; john gregg about what their agenda will do to hoosiers. URL 
have plans tomorrow? spend the day with #teampence! go to the link to sign up for #supersaturday. URL 
swarens: what mike pence gets right about indiana’s economy  URL 
#supersaturday is one day away! it's not too late to sign up - check out the link for more details! #teampence URL 
icymi: USER is adding over 100 high tech jobs! URL 
indiana's tech sector is continuing its hot streak! #siliconprairie URL 
another company is choosing to invest in indiana, creating over 100 high tech jobs! URL 
score another for indy tech sector USER URL 
get involved with #teampence this weekend for #supersaturday!  URL 
join #teampence this weekend for #supersaturday! more details at the link.  URL 
want to get involved with #teampence but you're not sure how?  sign up to volunteer on #supersaturday! URL 
yet another company has chosen to invest in indiana - meaning more jobs for our hardworking hoosiers! URL 
don't believe campaign ads; indiana's economy is booming URL 
sign up for #supersaturday today!  URL 
my greatest joy in life is being father to the 3 greatest kids in the world! happy father's day to all you in dads! URL 
statement from my campaign on my opponent's event today: URL 
great news: USER moved their headquarters from california’s silicon valley to indiana’s silicon prairie! URL 
read today's entire indiana republican state convention speech at the link. URL #ingop2016 USER 
congratulations to USER , our nominee for attorney general! your record as an experienced prosecutor will greatly benefit hoosiers.
congratulations USER -our nominee for supt of public instruction! look forward to working w you to improve the lives of in children
congratulations to my friend USER - the official USER candidate for lt. governor! #ingop2016  URL 
proud to spend time with the many strong, enthusiastic republican leaders at convention today. #ingop2016 URL 
the best days for the best state in the nation are yet to come. let's go get it!
this is not a choice between two candidates, or two parties - it's a choice between two futures.
we can find more effective &amp; compassionate treatment for those who are caught up in the scourge of drug abuse in indiana.
we can finally find a test other than istep that both parents and teachers can believe in.
&amp; i'm just getting started.
anyone who knows the pences knows we're all about family.
john gregg called obamacare "good news" and a "game-changer."
my opponent's record is very different.
when i became governor i had a goal: have more hoosiers going to work than ever before. now, a record amount of hoosiers are going to work!
record investment from companies large and small, and in was rated in the top 5 states in america to do business.
we've invested billions in the crossroads of america, and were still able to pass the largest tax cut in indiana history.
now, we've balanced budgets, maintained strong reserves, and made historic investments in education.
we're going to make sure every hoosier knows john gregg's record before election day. a record of deficits, debt, and higher taxes.
hoosiers have a choice to make.
this is an exciting time to be a hoosier. indiana is on the move!
live tweeting at the USER convention!
200 years ago today, the constitution of the hoosier state was ratified #indianaconstitution URL 
congratulations, USER ! URL 
thank you USER ! URL 
in's tech sector is creating high-wage, high-skill hoosier jobs &amp; growing at more than 3x the national average. URL 
thanks a lot!  URL 
thanks, scott! USER URL 
wish mike a happy birthday by signing our card! URL 
thanks a lot USER !  URL 
thanks, USER ! i love it!  URL 
thank you! USER URL 
let us honor the sacrifice of the brave wwii veterans here and around world made on d-day #dday URL 
deputy camp. mngr USER updated hoosiers on the progress in in. see the interview at the bottom of the link! URL 
congratulations, indiana graduates! here is my message to you, as spoken at the USER commencement.  URL 
hoosiers know that firearms in the hands of law abiding citizens make our communities more safe, not less safe. URL 
i will continue to fight to protect hoosiers' second amendment rights. URL 
excited to be at the indy 1500 gun &amp; knife show today! URL 
indiana, a great place to do business. URL 
refrigerated-warehousing firm plans $13.6m expansion, 65 new jobs URL USER 
i support access to quality pre-k education &amp; i'm committed to opening doors of opportunity to in's most vulnerable. URL 
"the expansion will nearly double the company's work force. hiring is set to begin in august." read more at the link URL 
since the on my way pre-k pilot program has come online, we’ve served 2,300 kids in the five pilot project counties URL 
today, i sent a letter to sec. burwell to express interest in expanding pre-k education for disadvantaged children URL 
there are many reasons for the remarkable economic recovery in in, but most of the credit belongs to the people of this community &amp; state.
elkhart has rebounded in spite of president obama's policies. URL 
news: indiana attracts connecticut-based pet food manufacturer, 150+ hoosier jobs URL 
as the best state in the mw for business, in offers low costs &amp; taxes, reduced corporate regs &amp; a skilled workforce URL 
in's rich history in the auto industry attracts new jobs &amp; maintains in's reputation as a top state for business URL 
excited to welcome USER to in, which is home to the highest concentration of manufacturing jobs in the us. URL 
"our test scores are up, our graduation rates are up. our students are really beginning to excel." -USER URL 
"mike wants to keep doing what he can to make education the #1 priority in indiana." -first lady karen pence URL 
watch for our ad during today's historic 100th #indy500! excited to be part of the 1st live broadcast of the race in indy in 60+ years. USER 
always love spending time at the USER ! 🏁 #carbday #raceweekend URL 
happy #carbday, hoosiers! check out USER 's editorial: "keeping the pedal to the metal"  URL 
"in is sparking innovation in racing while training tomorrow’s industry leaders." USER prez jim schellinger URL 
congratulations to rep hale on joining the race. we look forward to a spirited debate about continuing in's job growth &amp; soaring econ future
hear what real hoosiers are saying about indiana's economy! #astatethatworks URL 
what hoosiers are saying about governor mike pence and indiana’s economy  URL 
i will fight to protect hoosier jobs from unfair trade practices in china. URL 
pence asks feds to investigate china steelmakers' actions URL 
thank you for the opportunity to address you today and i'll see you in #indianapolis for the 2019 USER forum!
it was an honor to address the largest gathering of freedom-loving americans in the nation: the 2016 USER forum! URL 
the future belongs to freedom and to all who are willing with courage, faith, and resolve to take up the cause. USER 
so keep fighting for freedom and know that all of us who address you from this podium will fight at your side. USER 
you cannot support USER for president and promise that the right of the people to keep &amp; bear arms will not be infringed! USER 
some politicians - like my opponent - like to say they are for the second amendment, but you can't have it both ways.
hoosiers know that firearms in the hands of law-abiding citizens makes our communities more safe, not less safe.
indiana is #astatethatworks because in indiana, we don't just talk about freedom – we live it.
#indiana is the place for hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, and trail riding with 28 parks and 8 reservoirs.
pleased to share our new commercial with you about indiana's economic success! URL 
"pence's playbook nets over 100,000 jobs in indiana" USER URL 
i'm confident USER will ensure USER plays a vital role in ensuring hoosiers can pursue their dreams in in's growing economy
the historic selection of USER as the next president of USER is a win for education in indiana. URL 
last year alone, we saw 4.7 billion dollars of investment by businesses into the state of #indiana. it was a new record!
we have more hoosiers going to work than ever before. that's what i call a good start! URL 
lobbyist john gregg dead wrong on in economy; hoosiers not fooled by attempts to rewrite history URL #therealjohngregg
despite john gregg’s attempt to deny indiana's economic success, more hoosiers are going to work than ever before. URL 
"salesforce’s ancmnt...is a monstrous econ. development project worthy of the attention it has garnered.” USER URL 
six reasons salesforce expansion is a coup USER URL 
“john gregg is desperate and clearly in denial about indiana’s economic strength &amp; successes." URL USER 
unlike other states, indiana has not over committed the revenue it takes in from taxpayers. URL 
while other states are struggling with increasing public debt per capita, in is growing &amp; diversifying its economy. URL 
new report shows #indiana debt among lowest in the nation URL 
this report is yet another indicator of indiana's consistent history of fiscal responsibility. #astatethatworks URL 
statement from USER .  URL 
thanks to my good friend USER for showing support &amp; joining USER &amp; me on the #startyourenginestour! URL 
officially opened our carmel field office! thanks to our hamilton county friends for joining! #startyourenginestour URL 
thankful for time spent with great friends and family. special thank you to the hackman family for hosting! URL 
this election is not about us - it is about the future of indiana. URL 
there's no place like home! thanks so much to everyone for showing your support tonight! #startyourenginestour URL 
perfect way to end the week - with old friends and neighbors in my hometown! #startyourenginestour URL 
thanks for the letter, hudson! hope to see you again soon! URL 
successful evening in jeffersonville on the #startyourenginestour! thanks to everyone for coming out! URL 
great to spend time with friends in jeffersonville again! #startyourenginestour URL 
the #startyourenginestour made it to jeffersonville! URL 
thankful for the love and support from #teampence hoosiers all across the state. #startyourenginestour URL 
the #teampence regional field office in evansville is officially open! #startyourenginestour URL 
fantastic time at the grand opening of our field office in evansville! 🎉 #startyourenginestour URL 
thx to our friends at south gibson coal mine for having us today. i'll continue to fight the good fight for in coal. URL 
roughly 80% of indiana electricity comes from indiana coal. hoosiers rely on coal to keep energy bills affordable. URL 
i stand as a proud supporter of indiana coal &amp; will not stand idly by while hillary &amp; john gregg kill in coal jobs. URL 
roughly 7,000 hoosier jobs are directly related to coal. coal mines like south gibson are integral to in's economy. URL 
indiana is not a coal state - indiana is a pro-coal state. URL 
proud to stand up for indiana coal jobs today with the fine people of gibson south coal mine. URL 
great stopping by the marion county reagan day dinner tonight! thanks to USER for hosting USER &amp; me! URL 
this #bigredtruck was the pace car for the little 500! USER #hoosiers URL 
served up some ice cream to USER at USER ! 🍦 URL 
loved spending time at USER ! thanks for spending time w/ karen USER &amp; me! #startyourenginestour URL 
great to be with so many friends at USER ! URL 
thoroughly enjoyed breakfast at mayberry cafe in elkhart!  great conversations this morning. URL 
perfect way to end the day - with good friends at the laporte county lincoln day dinner! thanks for a great evening! URL 
.USER thanks for the support, jim. team banks is always welcome - especially the little ones! URL 
spent time with great people in fort wayne today on our #startyourenginestour! URL 
tune in to USER at 6:05! we'll be talking record employment, lower taxes, &amp; john gregg's tax and spend record as speaker.
we balanced budgets, cut taxes, invested record amounts in education, &amp; unemployment is lowest it's been in 14 yrs. URL 
we have a chance before us to accelerate our record of success in indiana! URL 
glad to be with friends in fort wayne  opening another regional field office! #startyourenginestour URL 
made it to fort wayne! #startyourenginestour URL 
having a great time taking the bus around our great state!  #startyourenginestour URL 
looking forward to talking with USER in a few minutes! tune in to USER around 3:30.
karen, USER &amp; i enjoyed talking w/ USER today in hendricks county! tune in monday at 7 to USER ! URL 
now that the region 8 field office is officially open, we're heading off to fort wayne! URL 
our #teampence region 8 field office is officially open! #startyourenginestour URL 
this isn't a choice between two candidates - it's a choice between two futures. URL 
we've balanced budgets, cut taxes, and invested record amounts in education. unemployment has dropped to the lowest in 14 years.
opening our field office in danville today on the #startyourenginestour! USER URL 
made it to stop #2 - the grand opening of our field office in danville! URL 
get a behind-the-scenes look at the #startyourenginestour on snapchat: mike.pence URL 
on the air with USER as we kick off the #startyourenginestour! tune in to USER .
thrilled to kick off the #startyourenginestour at USER this morning! URL 
the primary is over. the green flag is up. the race is on. URL 
kicking off the #startyourenginestour in style at dallara indycar factory! URL 
follow mike.pence on snapchat for a behind-the-scenes look! URL 
salesforce announces salesforce tower indianapolis, commits to adding 800 new jobs URL USER 
.USER ranked indiana in the top 5 best states for business! #astatethatworks URL 
indiana is ranked in the top 5 states in the nation to do business, &amp; #1 in the midwest! #astatethatworks URL 
indiana ranks top 5 in the nation for business, #1 in the midwest URL 
indiana ranked 1st in the midwest and 5th in the nation for doing business by USER ! #astatethatworks URL 
interested in joining #teampence? check out the link for info on some of our paid positions! URL 
#happymothersday to the two incredible mothers in my life, and to all hoosier mothers across the state. URL 
salesforce making huge downtown move #astatethatworks URL 
one of the biggest names in indiana's growing tech sector has announced a major expansion. read more at the link. URL 
salesforce making huge downtown move URL 
excited to share our record of real results for hoosiers in our new tv ad!  rt to spread the good news URL 
who is #therealjohngregg? it’s not what you see on tv... URL 
congrats USER for winning the election in the ninth district!
congratulations USER on your win in the third district!
congrats USER &amp; USER ! proud to have great leaders representing hoosiers.
congratulations to USER on your victory! looking forward to supporting your effort to represent hoosiers in the us senate.
thank you for standing for liberty throughout your campaign. we wish you and your family every blessing in the years to come. USER 
heartfelt thanks to USER on running a spirited and principled campaign across the state of indiana and america.
thanks USER for giving voice to the frustration of millions of americans w the failed policies in d.c. &amp; defending hoosier jobs.
congratulations to USER on your win in the indiana primary and for taking your message all across the hoosier state.
make sure to cast your vote today in the indiana primary!  polls close at 6:00 pm. URL 
i cast my vote today. make sure you do too! URL 
enjoyed supporting my friend USER with an enthusiastic group of hoosiers in fort wayne! URL 
loved spending time with USER and friends in marion today! URL 
my vote goes to USER because he's a conservative who will protect our constitutional liberties. URL 
great night at the white county lincoln day dinner! thanks to the white county republicans for a fantastic evening. URL 
ted cruz is a principled conservative who advocates the reagan agenda. proud to be voting for USER . URL 
john gregg stands by hillary's washington-style liberal agenda to kill in coal jobs &amp; drive up hoosiers' electric bills. #therealjohngregg
#tbt to john gregg endorsing hillary clinton and chairing her indiana campaign in 2008 #therealjohngregg URL 
always love spending time in hendricks county! URL 
thank you to the hendricks county republicans for a great lincoln day dinner tonight! URL 
having a great time with friends in hendricks county tonight! URL 
john gregg hides from voters while “talking” transparency #therealjohngregg URL 
john gregg talks “transparency,” yet consistently hides his views from voters. #therealjohngregg URL 
who is the #therealjohngregg? URL 
john gregg hides from voters while “talking” transparency #therealjohngregg  URL 
coal = 80% of in's electricity. yet USER again stands with hillary as she goes after in coal jobs &amp; rate payers #therealjohngregg
thank you so much for your sacrifice! we all owe you a debt of gratitude and a comfortable life when you return home URL 
homes for our troops truly does build homes and rebuilds lives through this great organization! URL 
god bless these brave men and women, their families and the homes for our troops program! URL 
i am truly in awe every time i meet the great men and women and their families who have sacrificed so much for us. URL 
i will continue to do all in my power as governor to make sure our returning hoosier heros are well taken care of. URL 
us naval sea cadet corps-flying tigers were flawless presenting our nation's colors! URL 
caroline did such a wonderful job with the national anthem. told her she didn't even need to use the microphone! URL 
heard some great stories from other generations of hoosier heros as well! URL 
warms our hearts and our souls to be able to spend time with hoosiers who have sacrificed so much for our freedom! URL 
homes for our troops provides mortgage free accessible homes for injured american heros like these brave gentlemen. URL 
thank you army maj gen mchale for all the great work you do with homes for our troops! god bless you! URL 
always enjoy a good selfie with hoosier heros! URL 
got to reconnect with some great friends who paid a high price for our freedom! all of us owe you for our freedom! URL 
young caroline also joined us and did a fabulous job singing national anthem! she's only 13 and sang beautifully! URL 
always warms my heart to meet young hoosiers committed to the service of this great nation. URL 
they are all brave future hoosier leaders! URL 
i had the pleasure of meeting the wonderful young men and women of the us navy sea cadet corps-flying tigers! URL 
USER and i were joined by some great hoosier service men and women! URL 
a huge thank you, gentlemen for your sacrifice, and that of your families. you are the bravest americans. URL 
what a great event today, honoring some real american heros at the 2016 homes for our troops fundraiser! URL 
let's get to work!
i believe that if we unite, and defend what we have worked for, indiana's best days are yet to come.
i want to encourage you tonight to have faith. have faith in the people of indiana to stand by indiana's accomplishments.
let's roll our sleeves up and make it happen!
i see in taking our rightful place as the best place in america to grow up, go to school, get a job, and retire.
i believe in indiana.
we have more hoosiers going to work than ever before in the state’s 200 year history! URL 
we cut taxes across the board every year for the last 4 years! URL 
we have the 7th highest high school graduation rate in the nation &amp; in is home to the largest ed. voucher program in america.
in is now the best state for business in the mw and in the top 10 best places in the us to start a business, grow a business, or get a job!
we expanded educational choices from pre-k education for disadvantaged kids to career vocational education.
from the outset of my administration, we maintained fiscal discipline, balanced 2 budgets, &amp; made the largest state tax cut in in history.
when i became governor three years ago, i knew we could go from reform to results.
through 12 years of rep leadership, we put our fiscal house in order, reformed our schools, &amp; made in the 1st right to work state in the mw!
stay tuned for live-tweeting at the USER spring dinner.
&amp; we have more hoosiers going to work than ever before in indiana history. those are republican results. URL 
every year in the last 4 years, we passed significant tax cuts.
we passed the largest state tax cut in indiana history.
i fight for what i believe in, and i believe in indiana. URL 
huge crowd in allen county! over 400 enthusiastic hoosiers who know that republican leadership matters. URL 
enjoying time with friends at the allen county lincoln day dinner! URL 
from zero to one URL 
from zero to one URL 
from zero to one URL 
from zero to one URL 
thank you reno, nevada.  nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again! #americafirst… URL 
join me live in reno, nevada! URL 
join me tomorrow! minnesota • 2pm URL michigan • 6pm URL virginia • 9:30p… URL 
top clinton aides bemoan campaign ‘all tactics,’ no vision: URL 
‘must act immediately’: clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the law URL 
watch coach mike ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pme on #wattersworld with USER .
thank you wilmington, north carolina. we are 3 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life!… URL 
thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa, florida! #icymi- watch here: URL 
join me in denver, colorado tonight at 9:30pm: URL new- scranton, pennsylvania monday @ 5:30pm: URL 
make america great again!
thank you hershey, pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on november 8th &amp; we will #maga! #rallyforriley  #icymi, watch here… URL 
join me in denver, colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! tickets: URL 
join me live in hershey, pennsylvania!  #makeamericagreatagain  live: URL 
the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. the only force strong enough to save our country is us.… URL 
thank you ohio! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states! watch:… URL 
join me live in wilmington, ohio! URL 
if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary, we would all be much better off!
'ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs, cartels &amp; drug violence nationwide'… URL 
thank you nh! we will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save american lives! watc… URL 
clinton aides: ‘definitely’ not releasing some hrc emails: URL 
"the clinton campaign at obama justice" #draintheswamp URL 
join me today in wilmington, ohio at 4pm: URL tomorrow- tampa, florida at 10am: URL 
there is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! thank you selma, north carolina! #icymi, watch here… URL 
join me in wilmington, ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! it is time to #draintheswamp! tickets: URL 
#crookedhillary is unfit to serve. URL 
thank you concord, north carolina! when we win on november 8th, we are going to washington, d.c. and we are going t… URL 
watching my beautiful wife, melania, speak about our love of country and family. we will make you all very proud.… URL 
looking at air force one @ mia. why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing obamacare? get back to work for the american people!
obamacare is a total disaster. hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. doesn't work, i will repeal and replace!
my wife, melania, will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon. so exciting, big crowds! i will be watching from north carolina.
thank you arlene! we will make america safe and great again!  #imwithyou #draintheswamp  URL 
thank you orlando, florida! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch… URL 
after decades of lies and scandal, crooked hillary's corruption is closing in. #draintheswamp! URL 
clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp post-election:  URL 
"it pays to have friends in high places- like the justice department. clearly the clintons do."  #draintheswamp! URL 
thank you miami! in 6 days, we are going to win the great state of florida - and we are going to win back the white… URL 
praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning. an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
"USER : evangelical women live at #trumptower USER URL "
"USER : #billygraham's grand daughter #supportstrump URL "  so nice, thank you cissy graham lynch!!!!
crooked hillary clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress. guilty - cannot run. rigged system!
i am going to repeal and replace obamacare. we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare. with hillary, costs will triple!
you can change your vote in six states. so, now that you see that hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to make america great again!
join me in florida tomorrow!  miami•12pm URL orlando•4pm URL pensacola•7p… URL 
thank you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor USER ! it is time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga!… URL 
wikileaks emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to 'dump' emails.  time to #draintheswamp! URL 
'podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' URL 
mika brzezinski: dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea ‘there’s something there' URL 
hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats: URL 
trump promises special session to repeal obamacare: URL 
'kept me out of jail': top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: URL 
.USER is a very good man. help him win his congressional seat in california.
#icymi: governor USER and i were in valley forge, pennsylvania today. you can watch it here:… URL 
so terrible that crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from donna brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
join me tomorrow in florida!  miami•12pm URL orlando•4pm URL pensacola•7p… URL 
crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president. she deleted 33,000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from u.s. congress. rigged!
wow, now leading in USER /USER poll 46 to 45. gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the crooked hillary blow-up!
look at the way crooked hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. she is unfit to be president. bad judgement!
wow! i hear you warren, michigan. streaming live - join us america. it is time to drain the swamp! watch: URL 
thank you grand rapids, michigan! #icymi- watch: URL 
$25 million+ raised online in just one week! record week. #draintheswamp today we set a bigger record. contribute &gt;URL 
legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… URL 
'hillary's two official favors to morocco resulted in $28 million for clinton foundation' #draintheswamp URL 
join me tomorrow in michigan!  grand rapids at 12pm: URL warren at 3pm: URL 
beautiful rally in albuquerque, new mexico this evening - thank you. get out &amp; vote! #draintheswamp watch rally:… URL 
"USER : i follow mr.trump at all of his rallies by watching them on URL . he is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
thank you greeley, co! real change means restoring honesty to the govt. our plan will end govt. corruption! watch:… URL 
thank you las vegas, nevada- i love you! departing for greeley, colorado now. get out &amp; vote! #icymi- watch here:… URL 
see you tomorrow michigan!  grand rapids, mi tomorrow at noon: URL warren, mi tomorrow at 3pm:… URL 
wow, twitter, google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton. very dishonest media!
hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago. original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
we are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday - great in states!
great day in colorado &amp; arizona. will be in nevada, colorado and new mexico tomorrow - join me! tickets:… URL 
thank you phoenix, arizona! time for new powerful leadership. just imagine what we can accomplish in our first 100… URL 
so nice - great americans outside trump tower right now. thank you! URL 
departing golden, co. for arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. watch here: URL overflow: URL 
tomorrow!  las vegas, nv- 11a: URL greeley, co- 4p: URL albuquerque, nm- 7p: URL 
"USER : "in my mind, #donaldtrump is the only way out of this mess." - #philrobertson of tv's #duckdynasty"   thank you phil!
i am in colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
join me in colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or arizona at 3pm!  tickets: golden: URL phoenix:… URL 
thank you maine, new hampshire and iowa. the waiting is over! the time for change is now! we are going to… URL 
"USER : bombshell: fbi reopening its investigation into hillaryclinton's email server after new discovery!
just landed in iowa - speaking soon!
we must not let #crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office. #draintheswamp URL 
just out: neera tanden, hillary clinton adviser said, “israel is depressing.” i think israel is inspiring!
heading to new hampshire. will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare!
if my people said the things about me that podesta &amp; hillary's people said about her, i would fire them out of self respect. "bad instincts"
join me tonight in cedar rapids, iowa at 7pm: URL phoenix, arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: URL 
"USER : USER fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, fbi, or (dallas)police"
thank you geneva, ohio.  if i am elected president, i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr… URL 
join USER on facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from geneva, ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #americafirst #maga URL 
crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #draintheswamp… URL 
"USER : people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. USER " repeal and replace!
i will be interviewed on USER tonight at 8:00 p.m. enjoy!
i delivered a speech in charlotte, north carolina yesterday. i appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. lets #maga… URL 
join me live in toledo, ohio. time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga! URL 
join me in cedar rapids, iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #maga URL 
#icymi: i agree- to all americans, i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp with me on 11/8.… URL 
thank you springfield, ohio. get out and #votetrumppence16! #icymi - watch here: URL … URL 
join me live in springfield, ohio! URL 
inside ‘bill clinton inc.’: hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #draintheswamp! URL 
join me! #maga today: springfield, oh  toledo, oh  geneva, oh  friday: manchester, nh  lisbon, me  cedar rapids, ia URL 
i agree, USER - to all americans, i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp w/ me on 11/8. URL 
"clinton foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president" URL 
ron fournier: "clinton used secret server to protect #circleofenrichment” URL 
'wikileaks drip-drop releases prove one thing: there's no nov. 8 deadline on clinton's dishonesty and scandals' URL 
a lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas. people are not happy. big lines. what is going on?
obamacare is a disaster. we must repeal &amp; replace. tired of the lies, and want to #draintheswamp? get out &amp; vote… URL 
beautiful evening in kinston, north carolina - thank you! get out and vote!! you can watch tonight's rally here:… URL 
thank you charlotte, north carolina. great afternoon! #icymi - i delivered a speech on urban renewal. full speech:… URL 
hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by usss.) turned out to be a total lie. she is not fit to… URL 
join me in ohio tomorrow! springfield-1pm: URL toledo-4pm: URL geneva-7pm… URL 
repeal and replace obamacare!
thank you tallahassee, florida! a beautiful evening with the movement! get out &amp; vote! #icymi- watch here: URL 
thank you sanford, florida. get out &amp; vote #trumppence16! #icymi- watch this afternoons rally here:… URL 
repeal and replace!!!  #obamacareinthreewords
i have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project. i will fight for them everyday!… URL 
get your ballots in colorado - i will see you soon -- and we will win! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
'obama warned of rigged elections in 2008.' time to #draintheswamp URL 
obamacare is a disaster. rates going through the sky - ready to explode. i will fix it. hillary can't! #obamacarefailed
truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association. #maga… URL 
obamacare is a disaster - as i've been saying from the beginning. time to repeal &amp; replace!  #obamacarefail URL 
obamacare is a disaster! time to repeal &amp; replace! #obamacarefail  URL 
get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again! URL 
key obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year: URL 
#obamacare premiums are about to skyrocket --- again. crooked h will only make it worse. we will repeal &amp; replace! URL 
as election looms, some bad news for clinton, democrats: URL 
record crowd in tampa, florida- thank you! we will win florida, #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and make america… URL 
thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done! URL 
my contract with the american voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; change to washington! #draintheswamp URL 
peter navarro: 'trump the bull vs. clinton the bear' #draintheswamp  URL 
'democratic operative caught on camera: hillary personally ordered 'donald duck' troll campaign that broke the law' URL 
join me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee, florida!  sanford at 3pm: URL tallahassee at 6pm: URL 
thank you st. augustine, florida! get out and vote! join the movement - and lets #draintheswamp! off to tampa now!… URL 
join me live on my facebook page in st. augustine, florida! lets #draintheswamp &amp; make america great again!… URL 
honored to receive an endorsement from USER - thank you! together, we are going to make america safe &amp; great ag… URL 
'hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience' URL 
leaving west palm beach, florida now - heading to st. augustine for a 3pm rally. will be in tampa at 7pm - join me:… URL 
'the clinton foundation’s most questionable foreign donations' #paytoplay #draintheswamp URL 
departing farmers round table in boynton beach, florida. get out &amp; vote- lets #maga!  early voting by fl. county:… URL 
get out to vote on 11/8/2016- and we will #draintheswamp! rasmussen national  trump 43% clinton 41% URL 
we are winning and the press is refusing to report it. don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #draintheswamp on november 8th!
why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win!
major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump . we are going to win!
wow, just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible. we cannot let this happen - isis!
'clinton ally aided campaign of fbi official’s wife' URL 
'clinton charity got up to $56 million from nations that are anti-women, gays' #crookedhillary URL 
thank you naples, florida! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8.  lets #makeamericagreatagain!  full naples rally… URL 
the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. we gave them months of notice. u.s. is looking so dumb. vote trump and win again!
join me in naples, florida this evening at 6:00pm! tickets: URL 
remember - get out on november 8th &amp; vote #trumppence16. it is time to #draintheswamp -- this is our last chance! URL 
former prosecutor: the clintons are so corrupt, everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’  URL 
thank you las vegas review journal!  editorial: 'donald trump for president' URL via USER 
well, iran has done it again. taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. this doesn't happen if i'm president!
"if you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the white house" a statement made by mrs. obama about crooked hillary clinton
thank you for the massive turnout tonight- cleveland, ohio! get out &amp; vote #trumppence16 on 11/8. watch rally here:… URL 
wikileaks: 'clinton-kaine even lied about timing of veep pick' URL 
'trump lays out policies for first 100 days in white house' URL 
'huma abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems' URL 
just arrived in cleveland, ohio- join governor USER and i now, live via: URL 
hillary clinton: 'architect of failure' #draintheswamp #crookedhillary URL 
unbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach, virginia. thank you! next stop - cleveland, ohio.… URL 
in order to #draintheswamp &amp; create a new government of, by, &amp; for the people, i need your vote! go to URL - let's #maga!
today i introduced my contract with the american voter - our economy will be strong &amp; our people will be safe.… URL 
change has to come from outside our very broken system. #maga URL 
crooked hillary clinton tops middle east forum’s ‘islamist money list' URL 
thank you gettysburg, pennsylvania! #draintheswamp URL 
landing in pennsylvania now. great new poll this morning, thank you. lets #draintheswamp and #makeamericagreatagain… URL 
will be in cleveland, ohio w/ USER tonight- join us: URL naples, florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: URL 
"USER : i #voted for donaldtrump! #arizona ☉ #economy #immigration #jobs #veterans #bordercontrol #trade… URL "
"USER : best way to pay hillary back for what she did to USER #dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide URL "
the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. amazing crowd. will be going back tomorrow, to gettysburg!
governor USER and i will be in cleveland, ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #maga tickets:… URL 
thank you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown, pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on 11/8/16. lets #maga! watch:… URL 
#crookedhillary sending u.s. intelligence info. to podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an opsec violation’ URL 
wikileaks reveals clinton camp’s work with ‘very friendly and malleable reporters’  #draintheswamp #crookedhillary URL 
donna brazile shreds obama economy - acting dnc chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' URL 
"{crooked hillary clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."  #draintheswamp URL 
'clinton campaign and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdog' time to #draintheswamp!  URL 
very ironic: "in 2010 video, clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’"  URL 
great crowd in johnstown, pennsylvania- thank you. get out &amp; vote on 11/8! watch the movement in pa. this afternoon… URL 
a top clinton foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest.  URL 
#crookedhillary “was at center of negotiating $12m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco” to clinton fdn. URL 
great crowd in fletcher, north carolina- thank you! heading to johnstown, pennsylvania now! get out on november 8th… URL 
the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, i won! thank you, these are very exciting times.
huma calls it a "mess," the rest of us call it corrupt! wikileaks catches crooked in the act - again. #draintheswamp URL 
hillary &amp; obama's broken promises.  #repealobamacare URL 
in addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #obamacare are seeing massive premium incr… URL 
crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed. we'll create 25m jobs when i'm president, and i will deliver! URL 
crooked took millions from oppressive me countries. will she give the $$$ back? probably not. don't forget her slog… URL 
'trump won the third debate' URL 
upcoming rallies - join me!  tomorrow fletcher, nc @ 12pm.  URL saturday cleveland, oh @ 7pm.  URL 
#icymi - ohio rally! watch here: URL 
want access to crooked hillary? don't forget - it's going to cost you! #draintheswamp #paytoplay URL 
thank you delaware county, ohio! remember- either we win this election, or we are going to lose this country!… URL 
if elected potus - i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country! in order to do this, we need to… URL 
why didn't hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! crooked hillary.
thank you america! #maga  rasmussen national poll donald trump 43% hillary clinton 40% URL 
just landed in ohio. thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement. it is time to… URL 
totally dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth. highly illegal!  watch: URL 
the washington times presidential debate poll: trump 77% (18,290) clinton 17% (4,100) #draintheswamp #debate URL 
join the movement to #maga! URL 
great poll - thank you america! once we #draintheswamp, together we will #maga🇺🇸#debate URL 
that was really exciting. made all of my points. make america great again!
join my team over on my facebook page- live now! #debates URL 
the era of division is coming to an end. we will create a new future of #americanunity. first, we need to… URL 
we cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary. #bigleaguetruth
i started this campaign to make america great again. that’s what i’m going to do. #maga #debate
hillary's health care policies #draintheswamp #debate URL 
we have to repeal &amp; replace #obamacare! look at what is doing to people! #draintheswamp URL 
isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees, and USER will allow it to happen h… URL 
the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp URL 
together we can save american jobs, american lives, and american futures! #debates URL 
usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. we need change! #bigleaguetruth #debate
i will defeat isis. they have been around too long! what has our leadership been doing? #draintheswamp URL 
after crooked USER allowed isis to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? laughable! here's my plan: URL 
i opposed going into iraq. hillary voted for it. as with everything else she's supported, it was a disaster. URL 
bernie sanders on hrc: bad judgement. john podesta on hrc: bad instincts. #bigleaguetruth #debate
hillary failed all over the world. #bigleaguetruth   ❌libya ❌syria ❌iran ❌iraq ❌asia pivot ❌russian reset ❌benghazi… URL 
hillary says "take back mosul?" we would have never lost mosul- if it wasn't for #crookedhillary. #draintheswamp URL 
you should give the money back USER ! #draintheswamp URL 
crooked’s top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept. we must #draintheswamp URL #debate
crooked USER 's foundation is a criminal enterprise. time to #draintheswamp!  URL #bigleaguetruth #debate
moderator: “respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #debate #bigleaguetruth
.USER loves to lie. america has had enough of the clinton's! it is time to #draintheswamp! debates URL 
she'll say anything and change nothing! #maga #bigleaguetruth URL 
i will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! #debate  #bigleaguetruth URL 
crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. these incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in benghazi! URL 
#crookedhillary is nothing more than a wall street puppet! #bigleaguetruth #debate URL 
brought to you by USER &amp; her campaign- in chicago, illinois.  #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp URL 
our country is stagnant. we’ve lost jobs and business. we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
crooked hillary has never created a job in her life. we will create 25 million jobs. think she can do that? not a c… URL 
.USER has been doing this for thirty years....where has she been? #bigleaguetruth
#crookedhillary gives obama an “a” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since wwii... #bigleaguetruth… URL 
the choice is clear! #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp URL 
i will renegotiate nafta. if i can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. we’re going to get this economy running again. #debate
this is what we can expect from #crookedhillary. more taxes. more spending. #bigleagetruth #draintheswamp #debates URL 
.USER 's tax hikes will crush our economy. i will cut taxes -- big league. URL 
.USER talking about jobs? remember what she promised upstate new york. #bigleaguetruth #debates URL 
.USER has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people. i will #makeamericastrongagain #debate… URL 
moderator: hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #debate #bigleaguetruth
.USER - you have failed, failed, and failed. #bigleaguetruth time to #draintheswamp! URL 
hillary has called for 550% more syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical islamic terrorists.” #debate… URL 
hey USER - we agree! #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp URL 
moderator: hillary paid $225,000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” that’s a quote! #debate #bigleaguetruth
trump &amp; clinton on immigration #debate #bigleaguetruth URL 
hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.she supported nafta, worst deal in us history. #debate
plain &amp; simple: we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people. URL 
one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #debate #maga
hillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. i will put… URL 
drugs are pouring into this country. if we have no border, we have no country. that’s why ice endorsed me. #debate #bigleaguetruth
#secondamendment #2a #debates URL 
it is so imperative that we have the right justices. #draintheswamp #debates #bigleaguetruth URL 
.USER lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2a will not survive a hillary presidency. #debate #bigleaguetruth
the 2nd amendment is under siege. we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution. #debate #bigleaguetruth
hillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history #debate #draintheswamp URL 
ready to lead. ready to make america great again. #debate #maga
this is an incredible movement- we are going to take our country back! #november8th #bigleaguetruth #debate URL 
tune in at URL and get the word out #bigleaguetruth #debate help us spread the truth, stop the… URL 
i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #makeamericagreatagain
unbelievable! clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited white house 342 times: URL 
'over 250,000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to #obamacare' URL 
join my team tonight at 8:30pme! URL 
i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government!… URL 
i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the loopholes! #draintheswamp URL 
obamacare premiums increasing 33% in pennsylvania - a complete disaster. it must be repealed and replaced!… URL 
'hillary clinton deleted emails with her email server technician' URL 
join me in delaware, ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #draintheswamp  tickets: URL 
'top hillary adviser mocked, plotted attacks on pro-sanders civil rights leader' #draintheswamp  URL 
'dem operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house 342 times' #draintheswamp  URL 
'state works hard, and illegally, for clinton' #draintheswamp URL 
'scandals surround clinton's gatekeeper at state' #draintheswamp URL 
the state department's 'shadow government' #draintheswamp  URL 
more anti-catholic emails from team clinton: URL 
it is time to #draintheswamp! URL 
‘food groups’ – emails show clinton campaign organized potential vps by race and gender: URL 
time to #draintheswamp in washington, d.c. and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8/2016. together, we will make america safe… URL 
hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states. #draintheswamp URL 
'clinton campaign tried to limit damage from classified info on email server' #draintheswamp  URL 
'trump rally disrupter was once on clinton's payroll' URL 
thank you colorado springs. if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count… URL 
fl, ks, me, md, mn, nj, or &amp; wv! it's the last day to mail in voter reg forms. get the forms at… URL 
hillary’s aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks: URL 
if we let crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence. #draintheswamp URL 
pay-to-play. collusion. cover-ups. and now bribery? so crooked. i will #draintheswamp. URL 
i will make our government honest again -- believe me. but first, i'm going to have to #draintheswamp in dc. URL 
"USER : 41% of american voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from donaldtrump due to widespread voter fraud. - politico"
great night in wi. i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo… URL 
donald j. trump ethics reform plan for washington d.c. URL 
exclusive: fbi agents say comey ‘stood in the way’ of clinton email investigation: URL 
get rich quick! crooked hillary clinton's pay to play guide: URL 
yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: URL 
my wife, melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by anderson cooper on USER . i have no doubt she will do very well. enjoy!
i will sign the first bill to repeal #obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates!
trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team: URL 
join me in colorado springs, colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #maga  tickets: URL 
crooked hillary colluded w/fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her. it's a #riggedsystem! our country d… URL 
new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
"journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash" URL 
"state department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in clinton email scandal" URL 
wow, new polls just came out from USER great numbers, especially after total media hit job. leading ohio 48 - 44.
voter fraud! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. can you imagine if i got the questions?
wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? rigged! URL 
we have all got to come together and win this election. we can't have four more years of obama (or worse!).
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. why do republican leaders deny what is going on? so naive!
"USER : peter thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of trump URL "
"USER : trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april! this is all yet another hoax. URL " terrible
"USER : watch joe biden's long history of grabbing, kissing and groping women who are cringing: URL "
can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
all safe in orange county, north carolina. with you all the way, will never forget. now we have to win. proud of you all!  USER 
animals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning USER 
wow, interview released by wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in crooked hillary e-mail probe.such a dishonest person - &amp; paul ryan does zilch!
finally, in the new abc news/washington post poll, hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 47-43!
paul ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton. we have paul ryan, always fighting the republican nominee!
join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday! green bay- 6pm URL colorado springs- 1pm… URL 
“the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty.  URL 
the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary - but also at many polling places - sad
we've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. wikileaks may have found the answer. obama! URL 
hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. who would trust these people with national security? URL 
a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his birthday? so corrupt! URL 
they let crooked &amp; the gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. unbelievable! URL 
election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
polls close, but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened. media rigging election!
watched saturday night live hit job on me.time to retire the boring and unfunny show. alec baldwin portrayal stinks. media rigging election!
"USER : USER go mr. trump! israel is behind you!"
thank you for sharing amy. URL 
a great day in new hampshire and maine. fantastic crowds and energy! #maga
thank you bangor, maine! get out &amp; #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will make america safe and great a… URL 
the failing USER reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
nothing ever happened with any of these women. totally made up nonsense to steal the election. nobody has more respect for women than me!
the movement in portsmouth, new hampshire w/ 7k supporters. thank you! this is the biggest election of our lifetime… URL 
landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
the truth is a beautiful weapon. URL 
hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
will be in bangor, maine today at 3pm- join me! #maga tickets: URL 
this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect crooked hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign, may poison the minds of the american voter. fix!
thank you USER ! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thank you charlotte, north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8th...because this is all… URL 
make sure you're registered to vote! let's #makeamericagreatagain! we can't afford more years of failure! all info:… URL 
thank you for your support greensboro, north carolina. next stop - charlotte! #maga URL 
what they are saying about the clinton campaign’s anti-catholic bigotry:  URL 
thank you to our u.s. navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. together, we will make america… URL 
join me live in cincinnati, ohio! #trumprally #maga URL 
join me in greensboro, north carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #trumprally URL 
dem gov. of mn. just announced that the affordable care act (obamacare) is no longer affordable. i've been saying this for years- disaster!
great event in columbus- taking off for cincinnati now. great new ohio poll out- thank you! ohio nbc/wsj/marist poll trump 42%  clinton 41%
just left a great rally in florida - now heading to ohio for two more. will be there soon.
i am making a major speech in west palm beach, florida at noon. tune in!
thank you! #maga #americafirst URL 
join me in ohio &amp; maine! cincinnati, ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: URL bangor, maine - saturday @ 3pm… URL 
the phony story in the failing USER is a total fabrication. written by same people as last discredited story on women. watch!
why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the "incident" in her story. because it did not happen!
i will be in cincinnati, ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #ohiovotesearly #votetrumppence16  tickets:… URL 
the movement in lakeland, florida. voter registration extended to 10/18. register asap @ URL &amp;… URL 
the people of cuba have struggled too long. will reverse obama's executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored.
pay to play politics.  #crookedhillary URL 
very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks. so dishonest! rigged system!
crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
thank you florida- a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. lets get out &amp;… URL 
join me thursday in florida &amp; ohio! west palm beach, fl at noon: URL cincinnati, oh this 7:30pm: URL 
wow, USER town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders. hillary &amp; cnn fraud!
thank you texas! if you haven't registered to vote- today is your last day. go to: URL &amp; get ou… URL 
voter registration deadlines today. you can register now at: URL and get out to… URL 
don't let her fool us again. URL 
crooked's state dept gave special attention to "friends of bill" after the haiti earthquake. unbelievable! URL 
i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks. she is unfit to run.
in texas now, leaving soon for big rally in florida!
the very foul mouthed sen. john mccain begged for my support during his  primary (i gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
disloyal r's are far more difficult than crooked hillary. they come at you from all sides. they don’t know how to win - i will teach them!
with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans!
it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to.
our very weak and ineffective leader, paul ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support!
thank you pennsylvania. this is a movement like we have never seen before! #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- together,… URL 
is this really america? terrible! URL 
wow, USER got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make crooked hillary look better. really pathetic and totally dishonest!
debate polls look great - thank you! #maga #americafirst URL 
cnn is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. URL 
paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nominee
thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. very exciting!
thank you st. louis, missouri! #makeamericagreatagain   URL 
my pro-growth econ plan: ✅eliminate excessive regulations!  ✅lean government! ✅lower taxes! #debates … URL 
hypocrite: USER is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #bigleaguetruth #debate
USER : “how can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of americans?” #deplorables #bigleaguetruth #debate
this country cannot take four more years of barack obama! #debate
we agree USER -  "she'll (hillary clinton) say anything &amp; change nothing. it's time to turn the page" -president obama
if USER is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #debate #bigleaguetruth
fact ✔️ on “red line” in syria: hrc "i wasn’t there." fact: line drawn in aug ’12. hrc secy of state til feb ’13. URL 
in my administration, every american will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #debate #bigleaguetruth
we cannot let this evil continue! #debates2016 URL 
this is the definition of ransom ⬇ URL 
the world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when america is strongest. URL 
here are hillary clinton's "accomplishments" at the state department. #debates2016 #rattledhillary URL 
history lesson: there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln. for one, his nickname is hone… URL 
we're going to cut taxes big league for the middle class. she's raising your taxes and i'm lowering your taxes! URL 
"you need both a public and a private position" USER #debates2016 URL 
hypocrite! USER claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with wall street banks. #debate
i hope when the msm runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… URL 
.USER - its called extreme vetting! #debates2016 URL 
.USER #icymi- "we are not in a narrative fight." USER #maga URL 
#crookedhillary has failed all over the world! 􏰀  #bigleaguetruth #debates2016 URL 
.USER is not above the law! #debates2016 URL 
.USER : bill “clarified” what he meant when calling obamacare a “disaster.” actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #debate
we must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #maga
obama and clinton told the same lie to sell #obamacare. #debates2016 URL 
attn: USER - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! #bigleaguetruth #debates
hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. that’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
basically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #crookedhillary
if i win-i am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
donald j. trump's history of empowering women #bigleaguetruth URL 
there’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clinton.my words were unfortunate-the clintons’ actions were far worse
i’m not proud of my locker room talk. but this world has serious problems. we need serious leaders. #debate #bigleaguetruth
it’s this simple. “make america great again.” #debate #bigleaguetruth
my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight's #debate #makeamericagreatagain
join me on #facebooklive as i conclude my final #debate preparations. URL 
the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizens....continued: URL 
exclusive video–broaddrick, willey, jones to bill's defenders: ‘these are crimes,’ ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary  URL 
la times- usc dornsife sunday poll: donald trump retains 2 point lead over hillary: URL 
so many self-righteous hypocrites. watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
"USER : USER this black democrat is on the "trump train"!!"
"USER : USER gop traitors! not supporting u is voting for her, destroying america.
"USER : USER politicians don't count. it's the people. we are behind trump all the way to white house."
"USER : USER "republican leadership" should have only one job: help elect the nominee we voted for, donald j. trump."
"USER : USER i am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #trump! #dtmag URL " thank you.
exclusive — video interview: bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes: URL 
tremendous support (except for some republican "leadership"). thank you.
thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin. i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  i will never drop out of the race, will never let my supporters down! #maga
certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
here is my statement. URL 
thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew. look out for neighbors, and listen… URL 
"USER : trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on 12/1. the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nominee"
new national rasmussen poll: URL 
thank you tennessee! #maga URL 
vote #trumppence16 on 11/8/16! URL 
'donald trump: a president for all americans' URL 
volunteer to be a trump election observer. sign up today! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
praying for everyone in florida. hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
new virginia poll- thank you! we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger, and better, and s… URL 
pennsylvania poll just released. two rallies there on mon- join me! ambridge: URL wilkes-barre:… URL 
nation's immigration and customs enforcement officers (ice) make first-ever presidential endorsement: URL 
such a great honor!  URL 
amazing rally in reno, nevada- thank you. make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; vote #trumppence16. together, we will put… URL 
reuters polling just out- thank you! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thank you south carolina! everyone has to get out and vote on 11/8/16.  #makeamericagreatagain… URL 
early voting: mn &amp; ia already underway, more states coming up in the next week: oh, me, az, in — check w/local officials for details &amp; vote!
'small business says trump is their pick for president' URL 
thank you USER for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media. great to be in arizona yesterday!
bill clinton is right: obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  thanks bill for telling the truth.
thank you henderson, nv. this is a movement like never seen before! watch some of the rally via my facebook page:… URL 
about to begin a rally here in henderson, nevada. new reuters poll just out- thank you! join the movement:… URL 
beautiful morning- thank you USER ! URL 
the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed. mike pence won big!
mike pence won big. we should all be proud of mike!
"USER : USER cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #pence vs the other guy...so obvious USER "  so true!
"USER : USER ..kaine is awful, trump and pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see america great again!
clinton’s top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department: URL #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth
"USER : USER that is a reason to not vote for hillary clinton. vote for liberty! vote for USER "
.USER ’s careless use of a secret server put national security at risk: URL #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth
clinton is weak on north korea: URL #vpdebate
clinton’s close ties to putin deserve scrutiny: URL #vpdebate
sanctions relief from clinton-obama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists: URL #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate
.USER is wrong for defense:  URL #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate
icymi: pence: i ran a state that worked; kaine ran a state that failed. URL 
.USER is the anti-defense senator. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth URL 
clinton’s flailing syria policy was judged a failure: URL #vpdebate
.USER and i will defeat #isis. URL #vpdebate
what they are saying about mike pence “dominating” the debate: URL #vpdebate
i agree mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #vpdebate   "police officers are the best of us..." USER 
.USER sneers at millions of average americans. URL #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth
"USER : USER pence is so prepared! he did his homework to outperform kaine."
.USER oversaw unemployment increase by 179,249 while USER decreased unemployment in indiana by 113,826.… URL 
"USER : USER good!!"
"USER : USER no she only gets #americans killed #benghazi - we need USER #maga"
"USER : USER loving USER he's so likeable and sensible. kaine is just talking bull!
"USER : USER kaine says hillary and he have plans. she could care less what kaine thinks."
"USER : i want a "you're fired" president with people in govt who are wasting my tax $'s. USER "
.USER is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
"USER : .USER &amp; USER are proven job creators and are prepared to bring jobs back to the american people!
"USER : USER kaine looks like an evil crook out of the batman movies"
"USER : USER i agree. kaine looks like a fool!!"
"USER : USER is so angry. our USER looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
"USER : #pence is so much more likeable than kaine #cbsnews USER "
"USER : USER great opening pence💕"
"USER : USER wow, kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi"
.USER - i am in nevada. sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience. better luck next time.
both are looking good! now we begin!
here we go - enjoy!
i will be live-tweeting the v.p. debate. very exciting! make america great again!
wow, USER is so negative. their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. i'm turning to USER where we get a fair shake! mike will do great
wow, did you just hear bill clinton's statement on how bad obamacare is. hillary not happy. as i have been saying, repeal and replace!
join the movement! URL 
thank you arizona! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before. together, we are going to make america safe… URL 
my childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #americafirst means… URL 
i will be watching the great governor USER and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! enjoy!
join me in reno, nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #americafirst #maga tickets: URL 
join me in reno, nevada on wednesday at 3:30pm at the reno-sparks convention center! #maga tickets:… URL 
thank you colorado! #maga URL 
we must bring the truth directly to hard-working americans who want to take our country back. #bigleaguetruth… URL 
thank you pueblo, colorado!  #trumprally #americafirst URL 
join me in henderson, nevada on wednesday at 11:30am! #maga  tickets: URL 
just announced that iraq (u.s.) is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul. why do they have to announce this? makes mission much harder!
melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states, in israel, and around the world.
bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
"USER : .USER there will be massive turnout for you,  mr. trump - these polls don't register the pulse of the people!
i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity. hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj!
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failingUSER 
heading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. we will make america great again!
wow, just saw the really bad USER ratings. people don't want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary.
the so-called commission on presidential debates admitted to us that the djt audio &amp; sound level was very bad. so why didn't they fix it?
i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. this despite the really bad microphone.
crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors. owned by wall st and politicians, hrc is not with you. URL 
i believe in #americafirst and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… URL 
thank you novi, michigan! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8. together, we will make america great again!… URL 
thank you for your support - on my way now! see you soon. #trumptrain URL 
join me in pueblo, colorado on monday afternoon at 3pm! #trumprally URL 
for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know i will be there, awake, to answer the call!
why isn't hillary 50 points ahead? maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread isis, or calling millions of… URL 
the people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the dallas &amp; arizona papers &amp; now usa today will lose readers! the people get it!
remember, don't believe "sources said" by the very dishonest media. if they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
did crooked hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) alicia m become a u.s. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement! hillary was set up by a con.
wow, crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u. hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," do not believe it. there are no sources, they are just made up lies!
wow, did you see how badly USER (clinton news network) is doing in the ratings. with people like USER , who could expect any more?
while hillary profits off the rigged system, i am fighting for you! remember the simple phrase: #followthemoney… URL 
thank you for joining me this afternoon, new hampshire! will be back soon. #followthemoney speech transcript:… URL 
join me in manheim, pennsylvania on saturday at 7pm! #trumprally tickets: URL 
my condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
will be in novi, michigan this friday at 5:00pm. join the movement! tickets available at: URL … URL 
join me in bedford, new hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. can't wait to see everyone! #americafirst #maga… URL 
thank you waukesha, wisconsin!  full transcript of my speech, #followthemoney: URL 
joining USER from waukesha, wisconsin - now, live! enjoy!
join me live in waukesha, wisconsin for an 8pme rally! #americafirst #maga URL 
thank you council bluffs, iowa! will be back soon. remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just… URL 
an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning! #imwithyou  video:… URL 
melania and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres...URL 
join me in council bluffs, iowa- today at 3pm! #makeamericagreatagain  tickets: URL 
every on-line poll, time magazine, drudge etc., has me winning the debate. thank you to fox &amp; friends for so reporting!
my supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who know what we can be again! shatter the record: URL 
unbelievable evening in melbourne, florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. tha… URL 
join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the mid-america center in council bluffs, iowa! tickets:… URL 
once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. join the movement today! URL 
hillary clinton's campaign continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure:  URL 
'cnbc, time magazine online polls say donald trump won the first presidential debate' via USER . #maga URL 
great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders. thank you for your support! #imwithyou URL 
in the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13m from online donations and national call day, and we’re still going! thank you america! #maga
well, now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum, but last night the big debate. nice!
thank you for your endorsement, USER . #maga  URL 
such a great honor. final debate polls are in - and the movement wins! #americafirst #maga #imwithyou… URL 
'u.s. murders increased 10.8% in 2015' via USER : URL 
thank you! #trumpwon #maga  URL 
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'true blue-collar billionaire donald trump shows hillary clinton is out of touch' URL 
the #1 trend on twitter right now is #trumpwon - thank you!
i won every poll from last nights presidential debate - except for the little watched USER poll.
'how trump won over a bar full of undecideds and democrats' URL 
i really enjoyed the debate last night.crooked hillary says she is going to do so many things.why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
great debate poll numbers - i will be on USER at 7:00 to discuss. enjoy!
thank you! four new #debatenight polls with the movement winning. together, we will make america safe &amp; great again… URL 
.USER 's first presidential debate poll: trump: 80% clinton: 20% join the movement today &amp; lets #maga!… URL 
thank you! cnbc #debatenight poll with over 400,000 votes.  trump 61% clinton 39% #americafirst #imwithyou… URL 
time #debatenight poll - over 800,000 votes. thank you!  #americafirst #maga URL 
.USER just said "a historic victory for trump." nice!
wow, did great in the debate polls (except for USER - which i don't watch). thank you!
thank you governor USER !  #americafirst #debates2016 URL 
thank you governor USER ! lets make america safe and great again with the american people.  #americafirst… URL 
thank you senator USER ! #debates2016 #maga URL 
.USER ’s nuclear agreement paved the way for the $400 million ransom payment #debatenight URL 
nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on #benghazi. #debates2016 #debatenight
.USER - obama #isis strategy has allowed it to expand to become a global threat #debatenight URL 
russia has more warheads than ever, n korea is testing nukes, and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. thanks, USER .
hillary clinton failed all over the world.  ❌libya ❌syria ❌iran ❌iraq ❌asia pivot ❌russian reset ❌benghazi… URL 
hillary clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war. #debates2016 #maga URL 
.USER 's 2008 campaign and supporters trafficked in rumors about obama's heritage #debatenight  URL 
i will stand with police and protect all americans! #debates2016 #maga URL 
this is the simple fact about USER : she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #debates2016
hillary's bad tax habit! URL 
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #debatenight URL 
.USER has been part of the rigged dc system for 30 years? why would we take policy advice from her? #debates2016
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… URL 
.USER channels john kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #tpp #debates2016
.USER and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead? #debatenight URL 
my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate. tune in! #debatenight #trumppence16
new national bloomberg poll just released - thank you! join the movement: URL .  #trumptrain… URL 
really sad news: the great arnold palmer, the "king," has died. there was no-one like him - a true champion! he will be truly missed.
five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant. many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses. n.c. riots!
readout of my meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu: URL 
looking forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10:00 a.m.
bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. that issue has only gotten bigger!
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade, a lot!
thank you roanoke, virginia - this a movement - join us today! sign up: URL #americafirst… URL 
if dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him!
will be back in virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the berglund center in roanoke. join me! tickets:… URL 
"USER : trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   URL "
the USER endorsement was a wonderful surprise. i greatly appreciate his support! we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th.
today is the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga… URL 
crooked hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand. dem pols said no way, dumb!
join me in roanoke, virginia tomorrow at the berglund center- coliseum ~ 6pm! tickets available at:… URL 
'how trump would stimulate the u.s. economy' URL 
hillary clinton just lost every republican she ever had, including never trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
tomorrow's the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga… URL 
spoke with governor USER of north carolina today. he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
this is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #makeamericagreatagain sign up today &amp; we will win! URL 
join me in roanoke, virginia on saturday evening at 6pm! #maga URL 
will be on USER now.
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on USER - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy!
"USER : USER i love those beautiful gals." d + s = two amazing women!
great new polls! thank you nevada, north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets #maga!… URL 
thank you toledo, ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8, 2016! lets make america safe… URL 
hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership.
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america saf… URL 
thank you kenansville, north carolina! remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a… URL 
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; i will fight to bring us together… URL 
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong!
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning.
thank you nevada! #americafirst #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
thank you georgia! #americafirst #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at URL . URL 
together, we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
i will be interviewed on the USER - tonight from florida, now. enjoy!
philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton ‘blew the police off' URL 
hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: URL 
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
"USER : USER refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males, poorly vetted.
"USER : USER he's the only candidate that will keep us safe!"
will be on USER at 7:02 a.m.  enjoy.
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
happy birthday - to the united states air force!! URL 
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama.
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
my lawyers want to sue the failing USER so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now), but they are watching. really disgusting
the failing USER has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing USER , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
wacky USER , who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope!
.USER just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
my thoughts and prayers go out to the USER &amp; USER police officers- in philadelphia. URL 
"donald trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled" URL 
a very interesting take from USER : URL 
just arrived in texas - have been informed two USER officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them.
just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic!
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will #maga. thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget! URL 
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...URL 
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d.c. for a major statement.
thank you for a great evening - laconia, new hampshire -- will be back soon! #americafirst URL 
"USER : #thedonald's hair gets the #jimmyfallon treatment on #thetonightshow #trumppence16 URL "  so true!
"USER : tonight: USER , USER , a performance by kiiara,and your funniest #myteacherisweird tweets. #fallontonight
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! URL 
will be joining USER on USER at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy!
i will be interviewed by USER on USER tonight at 8pm. enjoy!
full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the economic club of new york. #maga URL 
thank you USER ! URL 
thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america! #lesm #maga  URL 
thank you for having me! i enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. see you soon. #maga URL 
will be on USER at 7:00 a.m. enjoy!
"USER : USER you have my vote in pennsylvania. trump 2016" thank you!
i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq = disaster. we can do much better!
i will be interviewed on USER tomorrow at 7am. enjoy!
great poll out of nevada- thank you! see you soon. #maga #americafirst URL 
great evening in canton, ohio-thank you! we are going to make america great again! join us:  URL 
honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful USER in detroit last week - tune in at 9pme. enjoy! URL 
thank you ohio! just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center. join me at 7pm: URL 
thank you florida- can't wait to see you friday in miami! join me: URL 
thank you USER ! #imwithyou video: URL 
great poll florida - thank you!  #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
thank you ohio - see you tonight! URL 
russia took crimea during the so-called obama years. who wouldn't know this and why does obama get a free pass?
why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton?
thank you rep. USER ! URL 
thank you rep. USER ! URL 
thank you USER ! URL 
child care reforms that will make america great again! transcript: URL 
thank you clive, iowa! URL 
join us today! together, we will  #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
heading to iowa- join me today at noon! #makeamericagreatagain tickets: URL 
join me in clive, iowa tomorrow at noon! #americafirst #maga tickets: URL 
"USER : saw ur speech on twitter. u give me hope and optimism. i feel as though i am in the room with u. i pray 4 ur/our success."
just got back from asheville,  north carolina, where we had a massive rally. the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. thank you!  #maga
stopped by USER to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! URL 
will be on USER at USER :22. enjoy!
i will be interviewed on USER at 7:00 a.m.
the seriously failing USER , despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
hillary clinton just had her 47% moment. what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans!
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad. lindsey graham, romney, flake, sass. supreme court, remember!
wow, hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. i think it will cost her at the polls!
will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, phyllis s!
"USER : just watched USER . obviously tony is a total whack job USER "
just returned from pensacola, florida, where the crowd was incredible.
i havn't seen USER in many years, he hardly knows me. never liked his style. super lib, crooked h supporter. irrelevant dope!
dummy writer USER , who wanted to do a second book with me for years (i said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
thank you florida - we are going to make america great again! join us: URL .  #americafirst URL 
will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on USER at 8:10pm from pensacola, florida.
thank you ohio. together, we will make america great again! URL 
great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful USER of va. a state that i very much want to win-thx jim! URL 
make america great again! #americafirst #imwithyou URL 
henry mcmaster, lt. governor of south carolina who endorsed me, beat failed USER announcer bakari sellers, so badly. funny!
jeff zucker failed USER and he is now failing USER .
.USER is unwatchable. their news on me is fiction. they are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign.
the documentary of me that USER just aired is a total waste of time. i don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. a joke!
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you! #imwithyou #maga URL 
it wasn't matt lauer that hurt hillary last night. it was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.  #americafirst #trumptrain URL 
last nights results - in poll taken by nbc. #americafirst #imwithyou URL 
with luis, mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together - where both mexico and the us would have benefitted.
mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto.
hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. she is totally confused. unfit to serve as #potus.
hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. she's being decimated by the media!
"a rough night for hillary clinton"  abc news.
wow, reviews are in - thank you!
coming up USER on USER 
thank you to USER for the nice reviews of last night.
thank you america - great #commanderinchiefforum polls! URL 
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
thank you peter - if elected, i will think big for our country &amp; never let the american people down! #americafirst URL 
wow - thank you pensacola, fl. see you friday at 7pm -- join me! URL 
'donald trump leads hillary clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #americafirst #maga URL 
"USER :kudos to USER for standing up to cnn's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending USER #media bias
i will be interviewed on USER tonight at 11pme USER . enjoy!
thank you north carolina- get out &amp; #votetrump on 11/8/2016! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
great meeting with military spouses in virginia- joined by USER , USER , USER &amp; USER . URL 
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #imwithyou URL 
join me in pensacola, florida this friday at 7pm! #votetrump  URL 
thank you! #votetrump #imwithyou URL 
mainstream media never covered hillary’s massive “hacking” or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. what’s up?
"USER : message for undecided voters: please wake up and vote donaldtrump now! trump/pence very important save our america before too late!"
thank you! #americafirst URL 
as a tribute to the late, great phyllis schlafly, i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, the conservative case for trump.
china wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama "the son of a whore." terrible!
the truly great phyllis schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. she was very special!
thank you ohio! #americafirst URL 
heading to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls. #americafirst URL 
thank you american legion post 610- for hosting USER &amp; i for a roundtable with labor leaders. #laborday #maga URL 
#laborday #americafirst video: URL 
can you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! URL 
president obama &amp; putin fail to reach deal on syria - so what else is new? obama is not a natural deal maker. only makes bad deals!
"USER : USER i followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support USER , as do i. #maga by sticking together.
"USER : i'm at a biker rally in perry, kansas...and everyone is a USER fan. love it."
"USER : USER trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big"
"USER : USER we need to show americans that hillary will kill our country !! vote for trump !!"
"USER : USER it defies belief the web of lies hillary is spinning! one excuse after another. then it's this, then it's that.
lyin' hillary clinton told the fbi that she did not know the "c" markings on documents stood for classified. how can this be happening?
to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. i will fix it, vote "t"
the polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
the great state of arizona, where i just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective senator, jeff flake. sad!
the republican party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as USER , if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
"USER : USER cnn is so biased. never ever watch them. trump 2016!!"
crooked hillary's v.p. pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea. a total lie - and taken over during o term!
wow, the failing USER has not reported properly on crooked's fbi release. they are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.USER is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
great visit to detroit church, fantastic reception, and all USER talks about is a small protest outside. inside a large and wonderful crowd!
i am returning to the pensacola bay center in florida- friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. join me! URL 
thank you great faith ministries international, bishop wayne t. jackson, and detroit! URL 
great new poll iowa - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
i visited our trump tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from ohio and arizona, and it was packed with great pros - win!
people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov. 8. we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to #maga!
just heard that crazy and very dumb USER had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings USER . joe a mess!
i will be interviewed by USER tonight at 8pm on the USER . enjoy!
i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio! #imwithyou URL 
thank you for having me this morning USER . i enjoyed my time with everyone! #alconvention2016 URL 
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
thank you to USER for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. thank you also to the great people of arizona!
mexico will pay for the wall!
under a trump administration, it's called #americafirst! #imwithyou URL 
hillary clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to make america great again! #americafirst URL 
there will be no amnesty! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
mexico will pay for the wall - 100%! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
just arrived in arizona! #imwithyou URL 
great trip to mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting.
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
former president vicente fox, who is railing against my visit to mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto, of mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
thank you north carolina! #maga URL 
thank you america! #maga URL 
"USER : looking forward to seeing you again! everett to be a packed house! USER "
from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border, and much more. stop illegal immigration. watch wednesday!
join me this thursday in wilmington, ohio at noon! #imwithyou tickets: URL 
join me this wednesday in phoenix, arizona at 6pm! #imwithyou tickets: URL 
we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #obamacare! URL 
now that african-americans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want trump!
crooked hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by bernie s, she has bad judgement
does anyone know that crooked hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the bar exams in washington d.c. she was forced to go elsewhere
"USER : USER i know of no one voting for crooked hillary! her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room.
"USER : thank-you clarence henderson for telling USER you know racism &amp; it's not donaldtrump URL via USER "
"USER : crowd at trump rally in akron, ohio is a sea of women, minorities, independents, dems URL via USER 
inner-city crime is reaching record levels. african-americans will vote for trump because they know i will stop the slaughter going on!
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
i will be making a major speech on illegal immigration on wednesday in the great state of arizona. big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary?
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
thank you arizona! #votetrump URL 
join me tuesday in everett, washington at the xfinity arena! tickets: URL 
"USER : USER america loves trump and USER -- praying for you every day. stay strong. #trumppence2016 #neverhillary
national debt  january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion URL 
it was an honor to have the amazing root family join me in iowa. i have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. URL 
thank you iowa! #imwithyou URL 
just landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator USER . look forward to being with all of my friends.
my condolences to dwyane wade and his family, on the loss of nykea aldridge. they are in my thoughts and prayers.
dwyane wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago. just what i have been saying. african-americans will vote trump!
"USER : #blackmenforbernie leader: #hillary2016 ‘no regard for black race’ URL via USER #blacksfortrump
"USER : crooked hillary getting desperate. on tv bashing trump. USER , she forgot how she said a kkk member was her mentor.
heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest. coming in from our southern border. we need strong border &amp; wall!
new polls - join the movement today. URL #imwithyou URL 
join us via our new #americafirst app! #trumppence16 URL 
will be in phoenix, arizona on wednesday. changing venue to much larger one. demand is unreal. polls looking great! #imwithyou
thank you USER florida. keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
i will be interviewed by USER at 7pm on USER . #enjoy!
army training slide lists hillary clinton as insider threat: URL 
meet the ‘trumpocrats’: lifelong democrats breaking w/ party over hillary to support donald trump for president: URL 
"hillary clinton deleted emails using program intended to prevent recovery" #crookedhillary URL 
how quickly people forget that crooked hillary called african-american youth "super predators" - has she apologized?
i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. such a big problem for our country-i will solve
wonderful USER was attacked viciously and unfairly on USER by crazy USER on low ratings USER . apologize!
what do african-americans and hispanics have to lose by going with me. look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. i will fix it!
crooked hillary will never be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the african-american &amp; hispanic communities
the clinton's are the real predators... URL 
"USER : your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. every amercan knows, you represent hope!!"
"hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #flashbackfriday URL 
"USER : company gouging price of epipens is a clinton foundation donor and partner URL via dailycaller"
"USER : flashback: hillary clinton praised former kkk member robert byrd as 'friend and mentor': URL "
clinton corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities.  full speech transcript: URL 
hillary clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. no policy, and always very short (stamina). media gives her a pass!
hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument! URL 
hillary clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action!
hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself!
just watched recap of #crookedhillary's speech. very short and lies. she is the only one fear-mongering!
so many in the african-american community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: i will fix it, promise
poll numbers are starting to look very good. leading in florida USER arizona and big jump in utah. all numbers rising, national way up. wow!
"USER : .USER of the #brexit fame - we can do this! we can #maga with USER URL "
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
great governor USER is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. true leadership.
will be on #hannity @ 10pe USER - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #buildthewall &amp; enforce our laws!
thank you for your support! #americafirst #imwithyou URL 
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you! #trumppence16 URL 
new national poll released. join the movement &amp; together we will #makeamericagreatagain!  URL 
great new poll florida - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
i will not let the families of the remembrance project down!  #makeamericasafeagain URL 
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
thank you travis county, texas! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
will be participating in a town hall tonight on USER at 10pme from austin, texas. enjoy! URL 
in austin, texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents. i will not let them down! URL 
join me in tampa, florida- tomorrow at 1pme! tickets: URL 
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. too little, too late!
hillary clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of the state department. lie!
it is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history!
i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a USER special on the border and with victims of border crime!
the USER quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. don't buy, boring!
.USER 's new book, 'in trump we trust, comes out tomorrow. people are saying it's terrific - knowing ann i am sure it is!
just leaving akron, ohio, after a packed rally. amazing people! going now to texas.
great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the fraternal order of police lodge in akron, ohio. URL 
statement on clinton foundation: URL 
will be interviewed on USER at 8:30 a.m. eastern. enjoy!
some day, when things calm down, i'll tell the real story of USER and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, USER . two clowns!
tried watching low-rated USER this morning,  unwatchable! USER is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"USER : USER trump leading la times poll URL "
"USER : USER the ad was actually very good!"
"USER :  #teamtrump USER you need to show the crowds at the rallies use periscope! show hc's 139 yt viewers vs dt 38k"
"USER : USER trump victory in november!  #maga #trumppence16"
"USER :  USER video: hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. URL "
i heard that USER was very nice on friday but that little donny d, a big failure in tv (&amp; someone i helped), was nasty. irrelevant!
crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on wall street. media is protecting her!
i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. something very big is happening!
together, we are going to make america safe and great again! URL 
"USER : USER please oh please take the charlotte nc speech across the swing states .... sooo powerful"  good!
"USER : USER been a great week. more of the same will get you in the white house!"
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams. #maga
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again! #trumppence16 URL 
will be interviewed on USER at 9:00 p.m. enjoy!
just leaving virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
thank you USER - will see you soon. #trumppence16  URL 
"USER : 200,000 new followers for USER . from 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, all in the last ten days or so! #maga #alwaystrump
.USER - so humbled by my time w/ you. you are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. URL 
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up. #standwithlouisiana URL 
thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again! #trumppence16 URL 
great job by USER on interview with USER on USER . #imwithyou #trumptrain
thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
the reporting at the failing USER gets worse and worse by the day. fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
thank you to nc for last evenings great reception. the speech was a great success. heading now to louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in mi.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up. URL 
thank you charlotte, north carolina! #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
together, we will make america great again! URL 
they will soon be calling me mr. brexit!
i will be doing a town hall tonight at 10:00 p.m. on USER - USER 
will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by USER tonight at 10pme on USER . enjoy! URL 
we are going to make this a government of the people once again! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
we will repeal &amp; replace #obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. it is a disaster! URL 
a vote for hillary clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #imwithyou URL 
thank you governor USER &amp; USER chairman USER priebus.  #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
join me in north carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #imwithyou  tickets: URL 
#lawandorder #imwithyou video: URL 
#lawandorder #imwithyou transcript: URL 
will be on USER tonight at 10pme - delivering an important speech live from wisconsin. #makeamericagreatagain
just as we won the cold war, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets.... cont: URL 
this is my pledge to the american people: URL 
'it's just a 2-point race, clinton 38%, trump 36%' URL 
another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #obamacare plans.' only the beginning! URL 
"clinton refugee plan could bring in 620,000 refugees in first term at lifetime cost of over $400 billion." URL 
certain republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the u.s.supreme court get proper appointments. sad!
"stay on message" is the chant. i always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd a, repeal ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
i have always been the same person-remain true to self.the media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
it is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media. she is not a talented person or politician. the dishonest media refuses to expose!
my rallies are not covered properly by the media. they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words i say, i would be beating hillary by 20%
the failing USER , which never spoke to me, keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change. false, i am who i am-never said
the failing USER talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. their reporting is fiction. the media protects hillary!
"USER : you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #makeamericagreatagain #usa loves u" thanks
"USER : we're all enjoying you, as well, mr. t.! you've inspired hope and a positive spirit throughout america! god bless you!" nice
"USER :  USER yes you are my hero i admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for america!!!"
we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - pay-for-play. how can she run for pres.
"USER : thank you for all that you are doing for us! you campaign endlessly and have spent millions.we love you! #trumptrain" thanks
i am truly enjoying myself while running for president. the people of our country are amazing - great numbers on november 8th!
the failing USER has become a newspaper of fiction. their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. very dishonest!
will be on USER tonight at 10pm, hosted by USER . enjoy!
thank you erie, pennsylvania! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
unbelievable support in florida last night - thank you! #maga URL 
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
i love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. they can't!
a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clinton's agenda. what a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
"USER : thank you for coming to pennsylvania today. i will be there with USER your 3rd cd delegate at 2 pm"
ratings challenged USER reports so seriously that i call president obama (and clinton) "the founder" of isis, &amp; mvp. they don't get sarcasm?
"USER : USER people gotta stop believing media lies about trump." that would indeed be nice!
"USER : the corrupt media creats controversy against USER to avoid issues about hillaryclinton URL "
"USER : URL everything coming from this administration is a lie. only USER will change it"
will be doing USER tonight at 8pm. enjoy!
this is no surprise. constant phony reporting from failing USER turns everyone off. the american people get it! URL 
thank you fort lauderdale, florida.  #makeamericagreatagain URL 
great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber.
reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my campaign. made up story by USER is a hoax. totally dishonest.
"USER : really admire your determination: working so hard for all americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased media."
thank you abingdon, virginia!  #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
no such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" USER .
great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the virginia coal industry- thank you! #maga URL 
i will be interviewed on USER tonight at 7pm. enjoy! URL 
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas. #lesm
morning joe's weakness is its low ratings. i don't watch anymore but i heard he went wild against rudy giuliani and #2a - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.USER you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on USER . don lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
"USER : ‘now cut off my mic!’ bongino refuses to be bullied by don lemon over trump, 2nd amendment – heated! URL "
media desperate to distract from clinton's anti-2a stance. i said pro-2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution!
when is the media going to talk about hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
thank you senator USER ! #trumppence16 URL 
thank you USER ! #trumppence16 URL 
thank you wilmington, north carolina! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
"USER :  USER loved trump's answers to voters questions this morning! trump's economic plan will help #maga #neverhillary"
"USER : USER great interview.....all solid points on our economy trump2016"
i am running against the washington insiders, just like i did in the republican primaries. these are the people that have made u.s. a mess!
will be interviewed on USER now!
being in detroit today was wonderful. quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. just got back home!
'as senator clinton promised 200,000 jobs in upstate new york - her efforts fell flat.' URL 
many people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the u.s. because of hillary clinton's hacked emails.
thank you newt!  URL 
thank you congressman steven palazzo! URL 
thank you senator david perdue! URL 
thank you USER ! URL 
thank you USER - together we will #makeamericagreatagain!  URL 
thank you alex!  URL 
my economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 p.m. enjoy!
join me in fayetteville, north carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. tickets now available at: URL 
#icymi: "will media apologize to trump?" URL 
michael morell, the lightweight former acting director of c.i.a., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total clinton flunky!
the media is going crazy. they totally distort so many things on purpose. crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. very dishonest!
i see where mayor stephanie rawlings-blake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard. look at the job she has done in baltimore. she is a joke!
thank you windham, new hampshire! #trumppence16 #maga URL 
.USER - 'donald trump is the middle-class growth candidate' URL 
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win!
#crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president! #trumppence16  URL 
heading to new hampshire - will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited, and other things!
anybody whose mind "short circuits" is not fit to be our president! look up the word "brainwashed."
crooked hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "short circuited" when answering a question on her e-mails. very dangerous!
hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. let us all see what happens!
good luck #teamusa #openingceremony #rio2016 URL 
'trump is right about violent crime: it’s on the rise in major cities' URL 
thank you green bay, wisconsin! governor USER and i will be back soon. #trumppence16 #maga URL 
don't let hillary clinton do it again! #trumppence16 URL 
thank you des moines, iowa! governor USER and i appreciate your support! #maga #trumptrain URL 
hillary clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president. URL 
the plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva, switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to iran!
president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding.  i won't dodge questions as your president. URL 
obama's disastrous judgment gave us isis, rise of iran, and the worst economic numbers since the great depression!
president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie.
see you tomorrow w/ gov. USER , iowa &amp; wisconsin!  3pm- URL 7pm- URL 
thank you portland, maine!  #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
happy 226th birthday to the united states coast guard. thank you USER ! #coastguardday URL 
great meeting all of you. this group knocked on 50k doors &amp; counting here in maine, thank you! USER URL 
looking forward to ia &amp; wi with gov. pence, tomorrow. join us! #maga URL 
thank you jacksonville, florida! #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
thank you for your support of my candidacy! #maga #imwithyou  URL 
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in daytona beach, florida! #lesm #maga URL 
thank you daytona beach, florida! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
our incompetent secretary of state, hillary clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to iran. scandal!
there is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. beat crooked h!
great day in virginia. crowd was fantastic!
my daughter USER will be on USER tonight at 7pm. enjoy! URL 
report raises questions about ‘clinton cash’ from russians during ‘reset' URL 
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
#icymi: john podesta’s brother pocketed $180,000 from putin’s uranium company: URL 
join me in florida tomorrow!  #makeamericagreatagain   daytona | 3pm-  URL jacksonville | 7pm-  URL 
statement in response to president obama's failed leadership: URL 
thank you virginia! #imwithyou URL 
the washington post calls out #crookedhillary for what she really is. a pathological liar! watch that nose grow! URL 
great afternoon in ohio &amp; a great evening in pennsylvania - departing now. see you tomorrow virginia! URL 
just leaving mechanicsburg, pa. incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! will be back soon. #maga URL 
vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries. that will end when i win!
thanks to USER for your kind words, very much appreciated.
join me in florida on wednesday! daytona &amp; jacksonville:  daytona | 3pm- URL jacksonville | 7pm- URL 
during the gop convention, cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. they don’t want them heard. URL 
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
hillary clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against radical islam.
hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to isis. silence at cnn. URL 
crooked hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #imwithyou #maga URL 
thank you columbus, ohio! i will be back soon. #imwithyou #maga URL 
thank you oklahoma &amp; virginia!  #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou URL 
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that's really saying something!
the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt hillary?
when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary's pay-for-play at state department?
cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton.
join governor mike pence in reno, nevada- tonight at 7pm! tickets available at: URL 
so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine, they have already taken crimea and continue to push. that's what i said!
when i said in an interview that putin is "not going into ukraine, you can mark it down," i am saying if i am president. already in crimea!
this story is not about mr. khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u.s. get smart!
mr. khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over t.v. doing the same - nice!
wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. the failing USER is a joke. USER is laughable!
"USER :  without absolutely owning the liberal media, hillaryclinton wouldn't stand a chance. #voterfraud and #msm her only hope."
the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention. i wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h?
i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war, not me!
captain khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech: trump  32.2 million.  clinton 27.8 million.  thank you!
thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention #1 over crooked hillary and dems.
can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania. it would be a major media event! USER 
nato commander agrees members should pay up via USER : URL 
wow, nato's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills. this is a general i will like!
the "rust belt" was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico. end!
crooked's stop in johnstown, pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with bill, vp
#crookedhillary = obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. URL 
word is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania. perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta?
i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch. much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "big thursdays" when crooked hillary and i made our speeches - republican's won ratings
crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. a formula for disaster!
violent crime is rising across the united states, yet the dnc convention ignored it. crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
just got back from colorado. the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. big crowds!
while i am in oh &amp; pa - you can also join USER in nevada on mon!  carson city: URL reno: URL 
join me monday in columbus, ohio &amp; harrisburg, pennsylvania! #maga  3pm in oh: URL 7pm in pa: URL 
american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. we will bring back the  'american dream!' URL 
we are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. i want change - crooked hillary clinton does not.
hillary can never win over bernie supporters. her foreign wars,  nafta/tpp support &amp; wall street ties are driving away millions of votes.
colorado was amazing yesterday! so much support. our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country.
"USER : USER only trump can unite america and fix obama's mistakes!!! #trump2016 URL "
thank you denver, colorado!  #makeamericagreatagain! URL 
as usual, hillary &amp; the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games. same as last time w/ bernie. unacceptable!
#crookedhillary job application URL 
hillary clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado! #makeamericagreatagain #lesm URL 
thank you colorado springs. get out &amp; vote #trumppence16 in november! URL 
"only a reagan or a trump-like figure in the white house will achieve this goal." URL 
even bill is tired of the lies, sad! URL 
join me in colorado springs at 2pm- or in denver tonight at 7pm!  colorado springs: URL denver: URL 
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton. URL 
i am watching crooked hillary speak. same old stuff, our country needs change!
wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary. she sold them out, v.p. pick!
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse. #trumppence16 URL 
the dishonest media didn't mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crooked's speech. he wishes he didn't make that deal!
thank you!   facebook: URL instagram: URL 
crooked hillary said that i "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." really,i just beat 16 people and am beating her!
if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #neverhillary
"little" michael bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. his last term as mayor was a disaster!
general john allen, who i never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against isis. his record = bad  #neverhillary
crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
join USER at the university of northwestern ohio- tonight at 7pm. tickets: URL 
"USER : "i believe in science" dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
two policemen just shot in san diego, one dead. it is only getting worse. people want law and order!
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke. USER and the little watched USER = sad!
no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
hillary's refusal to mention radical islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
departing now - thank you cedar rapids, iowa. this is a movement! URL 
"dems warn not to underestimate trump's potential win" URL 
great to be back in iowa! #tbt with USER joining me in davenport- this past winter. #maga URL 
median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office. it will only go further down under clinton.
a vote for clinton-kaine is a vote for tpp, nafta, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
"USER : poll: donald trump sees 17-point positive swing in two weeks - breitbart URL USER "  great!
president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #dnc
"USER : USER stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the people"
"USER : barack is offended that USER will demand that #nato allies pay their fair share. #demsinphilly"
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
join me live in toledo, ohio! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
thank you pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain  URL 
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #maga URL 
"trump right: illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far" URL 
great new poll - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the fbi!
join our next vice president, USER in wisconsin tonight &amp; michigan thursday!  mi: URL wi: URL 
not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complaining-then a small one. pathetic
our not very bright vice president, joe biden, just stated that i wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. sorry joe, that was ted cruz!
crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. the danger is massive. no!
hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. get tough!
the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. no recognition - sad!
funny how the failing USER is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said "trump is a genius." america 1st!
as i have been saying, crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
just like i have warned from the beginning, crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp.  URL 
many of bernie's supporters have left the arena. did bernie go home and go to sleep?
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is, and neither does isis (a good thing). please get your facts straight - thanks. USER 
for the record, i have zero investments in russia.
in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster, the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump. crazy!
dems don't want to talk isis b/c hillary's foreign interventions unleashed isis &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
thank you new hampshire!  #makeamericagreatagain URL 
join us in toledo, ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #trumppence16 #maga tickets: URL 
join us tomorrow in scranton, pennsylvania at 3pm! #trumppence16 #maga  tickets: URL 
pocahontas bombed last night! sad to watch.
why aren't the democrats speaking about isis, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. the republican convention was great
funny, if you listen to USER , the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two, they are fawning. what a difference
bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. all of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! waste of time.
elizabeth warren, often referred to as pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary, who she always hated!
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
if cory booker is the future of the democratic party, they have no future! i know more about cory than he knows about himself.
i was at USER and met juan williams in passing.  he asked if he could have pictures taken with me. i said fine. he then trashes on air!
hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold. he got nothing for all of the time, energy and money. the v.p. a joke!
while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
clinton betrayed bernie voters. kaine supports tpp, is in pocket of wall street, and backed iraq war.
thank you ohio! #trumppence16 URL 
thank you roanoke, virginia- be back soon! #trumppence16 URL 
make america safe and great again! #trumppence16 URL 
great poll numbers are coming out all over. people don't want another four years of obama, and crooked hillary would be even worse. #maga
the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change!
wow, the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess. but fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
here we go again with another clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). crooked hillary knew the fix was in, b never had a chance!
crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the dnc - they just got caught, that's all! they laughed at bernie.
if bernie sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
thank you! #makeamericagreatagain URL 
hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against bernie!
the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because putin likes me
watched crooked hillary clinton and tim kaine on 60 minutes. no way they are going to fix america's problems. isis &amp; all others laughing!
the ratings for the republican national convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. thank you!
the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory, she's out!
the democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! e-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength, i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook!
crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, dws. too bad bernie flamed out
if the republican convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (bernie), media would go wild
the USER panels are so one sided, almost all against trump. USER is so much better and the ratings are much higher. don't watch cnn!
i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated. the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
today proves what i have always known, that USER priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not debbie wasserman shultz (USER .)
sorry folks, but bernie sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. he is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and dnc disrespect. sad!
there is no longer a bernie sanders "political revolution." he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates.
looks like the bernie people will fight. if not, their blood, sweat and tears was a total waste of time. kaine stands for opposite!
wow, president obama's brother, malik, just announced that he is voting for me. was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
bernie sanders started off strong, but with the selection of kaine for v.p., is ending really weak. so much for a movement! total disrespect
the crooked hillary v.p. choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters. just another case of bad judgement by h!
"USER : USER dinesh d'sousa hillary's america. see it"
"USER : USER kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals URL #hillarykaine2016"
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
the wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together. isis and our other enemies are drooling. they don't look presidential to me!
i will bring jobs back and get wages up. people haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. clinton killed jobs!
tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. job killer!
funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. i will bring jobs back!
crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania. against steelworkers and miners. husband signed nafta.
leaked e-mails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders. mock his heritage and much more. on-line from wikileakes, really vicious. rigged
pocahontas wanted v.p. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the senate. also, crooked hillary hates her!
tim kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. bernie fought for nothing!
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine, who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight?
"USER : USER general michael flynn will make a great secretary of defense when you become potus! #makeamericasafeagain"
i highly recommend the just out book - the field of fight - by general michael flynn. how to defeat radical islam.
is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m did?
another attack, this time in germany. many killed. god bless the people of munich.
one of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. great unity! big t.v. ratings! USER 
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
what a great four days in cleveland. so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all. the police and secret service were fantastic!
make america safe and great again! #rncincle URL 
formal acceptance of the nomination! #trumppence16 URL 
you can watch 360 video live from the podium! URL #rncincle #trumpiswithyou #makeamericagreatagain
this is a movement! #rncincle URL 
thank you USER . proud of you! #rncincle #trumppence2016 URL 
great job USER ! #rncincle URL 
other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is very united. great love in the arena!
ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn't say that if the dems win the presidency, the new justices appointed will destroy us all!
i am soooo proud of my children, don, eric and tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. ivanka intros me tonight!
great job USER ! proud of you! #americafirst #rncincle URL 
make america great again! URL 
arena was packed, totally electric!
.USER was fantastic tonight. will be a great v.p.
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. USER ! #gopincle #gopconvention #americafirst URL 
wow, ted cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. no big deal!
great job USER ! proud of you!  #americafirst #rncincle URL 
thank you USER ! #americafirst  #rncincle URL 
thank you to governor USER for such warm support. great speech!
thank you USER ! #americafirst URL 
watching the #gopconvention #americafirst #rncincle
john kasich was never asked by me to be v.p. just arrived in cleveland - will be a great two days!
statement on melania speech URL 
the media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melania's speech than the fbi spent on hillary's emails.
good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
in november, i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state. jobs!
bill hemmer of USER was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. more than in past years.
congratulations to my children, don and tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. i am very proud of you!
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting!
#makeamericaworkagain  #trumppence16 #rncincle  URL 
#makeamericaworkagain #trumppence16 #rncincle  URL 
"USER :  democrats are coming to trump. i used to be proud of the dem party. no more it is crooked and not for the people."
it was truly an honor to introduce my wife, melania. her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. very proud! #gopconvention
will be on USER tonight at 8:30pm USER - prior to melania's speech at the #gopconvention. tune in- she will do great! #rncincle
#makeamericasafeagain! #gopconvention #rncincle  URL 
networks other than low ratings USER have been very fair and exciting!
.USER is the worst.they go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again!
looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, melania. place looks beautiful!
thank you mahoning county, ohio! see you soon! #makeamericasafeagain  URL 
president obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
"USER : donaldtrump and his running mate USER to appear on #60minutes in first joint interview. cbs URL "
i will be on USER tonight at 7:00 p.m. with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects! bad times for divided usa!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today. how many law enforcement and people have to... URL 
the ratings at USER blow away the ratings of USER - not even close. that's because cnn is the clinton news network and people don't like
.USER is much better, and far more truthful, than USER , which is all negative. guests are stacked for crooked hillary! i don't watch.
if goofy elizabeth warren, a very weak senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being native american) she would be nothing today. pick her h
i hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, as her v.p. then we can litigate her fraud!
it doesn't matter that crooked hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. bernie said she has bad judgement!
as the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions!
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
goofy elizabeth warren, who may be the least productive senator in the u.s. senate, must prove she is not a fraud. without the con it's over
thank you to jack morgan, tamara neo, cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia. great job!
"USER : great news! we've been nominated for ireland's best golf hotel 2016.we would appreciate your vote! URL "
thank you to chris cox and bikers for trump - your support has been amazing. i will never forget. make america great again!
thank you! #trumppence16 URL 
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street, lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes!
very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, crooked hillary clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
crooked hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a disaster on foreign policy. look what's happening!
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
look forward to governor mike pence v.p. introduction tomorrow in new york city.
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 a.m.
four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o &amp; hillary!
#nevertrump is never more. they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 87-12. make america great again!
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
in light of the horrible attack in nice, france, i have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement.
another horrific attack, this time in nice, france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse.
i employ many people in the state of virginia - jobs, jobs, jobs! crooked hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with nafta.
another new poll. thank you for your support! join the movement today!  #imwithyou URL 
great new poll- thank you america! #trump2016 #imwithyou URL 
i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan. details to follow.
if i win the presidency, we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
even the USER and USER editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. what was she thinking?
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party. i am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
despite spending $500k a day on tv ads alone #crookedhillary falls flat in nationwide USER . having zero impact. sad!!
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. URL 
is president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves? think about it and let me know!
the republican platform is most  pro-israel of all time!
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again!
#crookedhillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in florida, ohio, &amp; pennsylvania. i haven't started yet! URL 
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania! #crookedhillary is not qualified. #imwithyou URL 
thank you! #imwithyou URL 
justice ginsburg of the u.s. supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
thank you indiana! #trump2016 URL 
thank you iowa- see you soon! #trump2016 #imwithyou  URL 
i will be interviewed by USER tonight on USER at 8pm. enjoy!
the american people agree. no free pass for #crookedhillary! URL 
to all the bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. people first.
bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-tpp pro-wall street crooked hillary clinton.
bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs.
#crookedhillary is not qualified! URL 
i am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. they are not happy that he is selling out!
bernie sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. he will endorse her today - fans angry!
this election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. i will make america safe again for everyone. #imwithyou
for too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. i am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities. not good!
senior united states district judge robert e. payne today ruled in favor of trump campaign delegates who had argued..URL 
speech on veterans' reform: URL 
great poll- florida! thank you! URL 
thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st. joseph, michigan.
join me in westfield, indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #trump2016  tickets: URL 
i heard that the underachieving john king of USER on inside politics was one hour of lies. happily, few people are watching - dead network!
the media is so dishonest. if i make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.they think the public is stupid!
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation!
new poll - thank you! #trump2016 URL 
way to go USER - you are a true champion. proud of you!
make america safe again! URL 
isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on USER ?
due to the horrific events taking place in our country, i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in miami.
last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement officers...URL 
prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
after today, crooked hillary can officially be called lyin' crooked hillary.
thank you speaker USER ! #americafirst #trump2016  URL 
thank you rep. collins! #trump2016 URL 
just leaving d.c. had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate. very interesting day! these are people who love our country!
great being in cincinnati, ohio last night- thank you! off to washington d.c. now. #trump2016 #americafirst URL 
where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the 'star of david' also?  dishonest media! #frozen URL 
to all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. we must beat crooked hillary. URL 
convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton. check it out sleepy eyes, USER 
sleepy eyes chuck todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.he could not have watched my standing ovation speech in n.c.
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in a.c. others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city.
hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves - convention center, airport - and destroyed city
i made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country. she is sooooo guilty. but watch, her time will come!
the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges, but...URL 
crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
crooked hillary clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." not fit!
crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the u.s. her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. bad judgement!
i don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with "murder." come november 8, she's out!
raised a lot of money for the republican party. there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. lots of support! win
i will be interviewed by USER tonight on USER at 11pm. enjoy!
my son, USER will be interviewed by USER tonight at 10pm on USER . enjoy!
looking forward to meeting with USER in a little while. we will be traveling to north carolina together today.
fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security. no charges. wow! #riggedsystem
the system is rigged. general petraeus got in trouble for far less. very very unfair! as usual, bad judgment.
it was great spending time with USER yesterday. she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and u.s. will see her again!
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
on USER at 7:00 p.m. "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy!
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
with hillary and obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - radical islam!
crooked hillary clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
the only people who are not interested in being the v.p. pick are the people who have not been asked!
i look forward to meeting USER today in new jersey. she has done a great job as senator of iowa!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday. despite a totally one-sided interview by chuck todd, the end result was solid!
dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star, or plain star!
happy 4th of july! #trump2016 #americafirst URL 
crooked hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis - it will just go on forever. we need change!
the third mass attack (slaughter) in days by isis. 200 dead in baghdad, worst in many years. we do not have leadership that can stop this!
in bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran. 20 were killed!
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the u.s.a.g. so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught!
the secret meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting "go away, no pictures."
does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"the system is rigged!"
on saturday a great man, elie wiesel, passed away.the world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the u.s.a.g. to work out a deal. the system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know.
just watched USER and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against me.the good news-the people get it!
it was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton. like i said, the system is totally rigged!
it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton. what she did was wrong! what bill did was stupid!
thank you USER . #imwithyou URL 
thank you for your support! #americafirst #leadright2016  URL 
thank you! #americafirst URL 
if i become the next potus- they will not be ignoring! #americafirst  URL 
crooked hillary -- makes history!  #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
the #2a to our constitution is clear. the right of the people to keep &amp; bear arms shall not be infringed upon. URL 
the speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - wednesday release
just read in the failing USER that i was not aware "the event had to be held in cleveland" - a total lie. these people are sick!
when you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. we will make america safe again! #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
just returned from colorado. amazing crowd!
thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado! #imwithyou #wcs16  URL 
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst URL 
these crimes won't be happening if i'm elected potus. killer should have never been here. #americafirst  URL 
yet another terrorist attack today in israel -- a father, shot at by a palestinian terrorist, was killed while: URL 
horrible killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist. we must get tough. URL 
.USER great job on fox this morning. keep up the good work!
take a look at what happened w/ bill clinton. the system is totally rigged. does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
bill clinton's meeting was a total secret. nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
as bernie sanders said, hillary clinton has bad judgement. bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary!
i will be interviewed by USER tonight at 10pm on fox! enjoy!
the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, i want to make america great again!
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
the very dishonest USER refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. done deal!
one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out america.  URL 
why would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president? she will destroy them!  URL 
new book by USER is absolutely terrific and a must read! #wakeupamerica
the story with hillary will never change. URL 
for reasons only they can explain, the USER wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
tremendous day in massachusetts and maine. thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"USER : USER as of april this year, hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign mr.trump $55,000,000. self funding"
i will be on USER at 8:00 p.m. enjoy!
isis exploded on hillary clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. not capable!
will be in bangor, maine today! join me- 4pme at the cross insurance center! URL 
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again! #trump2016 URL 
just watched senator john barrasso on USER - he was great! thank you john.
why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters?
the USER must fight harder for the american worker. china, and many others, are taking advantage of u.s. with our terrible trade pacts
iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i'm sure he would do a good job if he was. the media makes everything up!
"USER :  USER thanks for sharing eric we need USER now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
yet another terrorist attack, this time in turkey. will the world ever realize what is going on? so sad.
hillary clinton’s presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. she is ill-fit with bad judgment.
benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure. it just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with clinton.
check it out - 2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online! watch it here:  URL #crookedhillary #trump2016
"USER : canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over clinton ... listened to your great speech on youtube"
"USER : USER this is why i would think the unions would support USER for #potus"
"USER : USER also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as USER was speaking. #upupup"
"USER :  USER let's get trump supporters out in massive numbers and make america great again - create jobs"
"USER : good for USER he's smart on business. maybe if corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. voting for #trump
"USER : i'll be a guest today on making money with USER on @ fox business 6 pm et / 3 pm pt discussing USER . tune in!"
.USER is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
the media is unrelenting. they will only go with and report a story in a negative light. i called brexit (hillary was wrong), watch november
crooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the u.s. senate, goofy elizabeth warren, who lied on heritage.
"USER : trump voters don't scare or back down. our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country back. #trump2016🇺🇸 #maga
"USER : "under a trump presidency, america will make brilliant new trade deals!" —donald trump #dtmag URL "
"USER : hillary read "sigh" off the teleprompter, she's so fake she has to be told how to feel: URL USER 
"USER :  USER we know they're fake just like poles during primary. i'm sure u will crush #crookedhillary in general"
the "dirty" poll done by USER is a disgrace. even they admit that many more democrats were polled. other polls were good.
crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations - while ignoring her own: URL 
crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong. i said leave will win. she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. only a question of time
hillary clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! she is spending a fortune, i am spending very little. close in polls!
people in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win. it is time for change -- and jobs!
top 50 facts about crooked hillary clinton from trump 'stakes of the election' address: URL 
the USER poll sample is heavy on democrats.  very dishonest - why would they do that? other polls good!
crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry. shows me hitting shot, but i never did = lie! was there to support son
clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads. disgraceful!
crooked hillary clinton, who called brexit 100% wrong (along with obama), is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call.
george will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the republican party.he's made many bad calls
just landed in new york - a one night stay in scotland. turnberry came out magnificently. my son, eric, did a great job - under budget!
obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs. that ends when i am president!
i have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #americafirst
we must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us USER yesterday! USER URL 
on the 13th tee box USER with my grand daughter, kai! USER URL 
arriving USER with USER &amp; USER . back to new york tonight.  video: URL 
so funny, crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the u.k. all talk, no action!
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #imwithyou
"USER : USER and we will get it back once we have president trump! can't wait!"
"USER : USER what has happened in the uk in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in november..vote trump 2016
many people are equating brexit, and what is going on in great britain, with what is happening in the u.s. people want their country back!
the opening of trump turnberry in scotland was a big success. good timing, i was here for brexit. very exciting news conference today!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
i want all americans to succeed together. president obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...URL 
new government data by the center for immigration studies shows more than 3m new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..URL 
america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind uk. we stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see.
later today, congress will finally set the stage for real #mentalhealthreform. URL #curesnow
great news → the #curesact includes USER 's legislation to reform our mental health system. #curesnow URL 
#curesnow means we won't give up on anybody. no matter how dire the situation, there can &amp; should always be hope. URL 
i am excited to get to work with USER and his strong economic team.   my full statement ↓ URL 
we are excited to bring a final, bipartisan version of the 21st century #curesact to the house floor today.… URL 
happening now: our weekly USER press briefing. URL 
tune in live to our weekly USER press briefing at 10:00am et → URL 
right now, there are 10,000 known diseases. we only have treatments for 500 of them. #curesnow will close that gap.… URL 
together with USER and USER , we will fix our nation's health care challenges. URL 
elaine chao is a conservative reformer with unrivaled experience &amp; passion for improving lives of working families. URL 
news → the house just unanimously passed bipartisan legislation urging president obama to oppose anti-israel effort… URL 
elaine chao is an outstanding choice to serve as the next secretary of transportation.   my full statement ↓ URL 
praying for those in harm's way and for the emergency responders who are doing all they can to keep folks safe. URL 
as a doctor, USER has practiced and taught medicine. he knows how washington's decisions affect patients. URL 
tune in at 10am et tomorrow. URL 
under #obamacare, 31% of counties in america have only one choice of a health care plan. that’s not a choice. that’… URL 
.USER has played a leading role in developing conservative health care solutions that put patients first. URL 
.USER has made health care his life's work. he is the absolute perfect choice for hhs secretary.  my full s… URL 
great news for america's veterans → today, USER 's bill to ensure no call to the #veterans crisis line goes unanswered became law.
here’s what an #obamacare replacement looks like:  ✓ more choices ✓ more competition ✓ patient-centered, not washin… URL 
being speaker is a unique job. that’s why i always enjoy meeting with fellow speakers from around the world, this t… URL 
we’re focused on how we get #obamacare repealed and what we replace it with so we can get relief to the american pe… URL 
look forward to signing and sending a lot more bills to the white house next year. URL ✒️ URL 
we’re going to start off 2017 right by working to restore the power of the purse to the legislative branch.… URL 
#obamacare is failing. we’ve got to #repealandreplace it with a law that actually works. URL 
we have to deal with the drivers of our debt. URL 
#obamacare = → double-digit premium increases, year after year → rising deductibles → only 1 choice of a plan in 31… URL 
the house is taking action to stop midnight regulations in the final days of the obama administration. URL 
#iran continues to finance terrorism, test-fire ballistic missiles, and violate the nuclear agreement. URL 
let’s not forget that we have been in a slow-growth economy for far too long. we’ve just been limping along, nowher… URL 
much work remains to secure the freedom of the cuban people, and the us must be fully committed to that work. URL 
we are working hand-in-glove from the start to hit the ground running with a unified #republican government. URL 
today let us reflect on the memory and sacrifices of all those who have suffered under the castros. URL 
now that fidel castro is dead, the cruelty and oppression of his regime should die with him.   my full statement ↓… URL 
unelected bureaucrats in washington, dc, have been given far too much power. it’s time to restore the separation of… URL 
.USER deserves the opportunity to assess us policy toward #iran without interference from pres. obama. URL 
a unified republican government offers the people a #betterway to address some of our biggest challenges. URL 
we're going to hit the ground running, get this country turned around, and make america great again.… URL 
we are guided by belief in the dignity of every person, &amp; hope that we will leave our children w/ a stronger nation. URL 
in the weeks ahead, our mission is to set things on the right course. #betterway URL 
we are committed to having a truly unified #republican government—not just in name, but in real partnership. URL 
every year, my sister-in-law and i have a cook-off. i deep-fry. she roasts. then the family decides who wins. URL 
i'm thankful for my family, the men &amp; women in uniform who keep america safe, &amp; the opportunity to do big things wi… URL 
thrilled that USER will be next sec of education. she's a true reformer, committed to #schoolchoice &amp; more opportunity for children.
so proud of my friend USER . she is a visionary leader who gets things done and will be an excellent ambassador to the USER .
happy thanksgiving! here are a few of my favorite things about the holiday. URL 
we plan to turn president-elect USER 's victory into real progress for the american people. URL 
the campaign is over. now the real work begins. URL 
.USER : a unified #republican govt offers people a #betterway to address some of our biggest challenges. URL 
president obama should abandon plans to bolster international investment in #iran or weaken sanctions. URL 
president obama tried to rush this rule out before leaving office. it is a disaster that would hurt the very people… URL 
#potus should abandon any plans for new concessions to #iran and sign an extension of the iran sanctions act. URL 
.USER faithfully served the people of minnesota for 14 years. congrats to him on his new portrait! URL 
breaking → i just sent a letter with USER &amp; USER to president obama asking him to halt any plans for n… URL 
the last thing we need is more regulations pushed through at the 11th hour. that's why the house passed a bill to b… URL 
our team in congress is excited to get to work with the incoming trump-pence administration on behalf of the americ… URL 
proud to sign USER ’s bill to help veterans in crisis. URL 
we want to get this economy growing by ✓ releasing the regulatory chokehold on job creators ✓ enacting comprehensiv… URL 
the first full week as a rep-elect is a busy one. here are 4 behind-the-scenes photos from freshman orientation.… URL 
rep. sam johnson is a fearless, selfless public servant. congrats to him on a well-deserved honor. USER … URL 
the 115th congress is going to help USER to fix the nation's big problems. URL 
hard to match USER ’s record as chairman of USER . now his portrait will hang in its hearing room.… URL 
a top priority of our new, unified #republican government is building a truly 21st-century va for our veterans. URL 
the country has voted for change, and we are ready to get to work. URL 
a #betterway—and better days—lie ahead for our country. URL 
this is a time to be grateful for all the men and women who have fought for us. #veterans URL 
news → we passed a bill to block president obama from issuing new regulations in the final days of his presidency. URL 
a major part of our #betterway agenda deals with reining in regulations to protect the people at the heart of our e… URL 
as part of our #betterway agenda, we propose building a truly 21st-century va for our #veterans. URL 
to every american worried about the direction of our country: we hear you, and we're ready to get to work. URL 
in order to get our country back on track, we have to be bold, and we have to go big. URL 
our #betterway agenda outlines a plan to unleash our energy potential and create american jobs. URL 
1 in 3 calls to the va crisis hotline go unanswered. there is no excuse for that. URL 
president obama's plan will squander our energy potential. that's why we are determined to stop it.… URL 
president obama's plan squanders our ability to harness the abundant energy sources that power our economy. URL 
in its final days, the obama administration is throwing up more barriers to american energy development.   my state… URL 
.USER is one of the strongest national security voices in congress. he will bring integrity &amp; dedication to the cia.
this week, i signed USER 's bill to ensure our #veterans get the help they need when they need it. URL 
we want to hit the ground running in january, and start delivering on president-elect trump's agenda. URL 
the last thing we need is unelected bureaucrats pushing through regulations at the 11th hour. URL 
people need to stop underestimating USER . URL 
the next vice president of the united states → USER . URL 
here's how we stop president obama's 11th-hour regulations: URL 
big news → the house just passed legislation to block the sale of commercial airplanes to #iran.
proud to have vice president-elect USER join house #republicans this morning. we're ready to get to work. URL 
tune in live to my weekly press briefing at 11:30am et → URL 
we're going to help fix the problems plaguing our country: ✓ sky-rocking health care costs ✓ border security ✓ regu… URL 
in the days ahead, we'll work with president-elect trump's transition team to lay out an ambitious path for 2017. URL 
so proud that a USER hearing room now bears rep. sam johnson’s name (cc: USER ) URL 
i'm glad the white house has stopped blocking these critical sanctions against the assad regime. URL 
this bipartisan vote will maintain our ability to immediately reinstate sanctions against #iran.… URL 
sam johnson served in the USER during korea &amp; vietnam &amp; was a pow for 7 long years. this man is my hero. URL 
with unified #republican government, USER and USER are ready to get to work. URL 
congratulations to you and the USER leadership team, as well. excited about what we can achieve in a unified republican gov’t.
we are very excited to get to work on behalf of the american people. URL 
republicans and democrats recognize the need to isolate the assad regime for its atrocities against its people. URL 
i appreciate USER and the USER committee for their work on extending the #iran sanctions act. URL 
that moment when half of your fantasy 🏈 team shows up at your workplace. USER … URL 
breaking → the house just voted to extend the #iran sanctions act for a decade. URL 
good news → the house just passed a bipartisan bill to sanction the assad regime in #syria. URL 
our new house #republican leadership team is eager to get to work with president-elect trump to fix america's press… URL 
meet the house #republicans' newly-elected leadership team URL 
it is a tremendous honor to be nominated by my colleagues to serve as speaker of the house. now it’s time to go big. URL 
these critical sanctions are a necessary response to assad's crimes against humanity in #syria.   my full statement… URL 
welcome to the dawn of a new unified #republican government. URL 
happening now: our weekly USER press briefing. URL 
tune in live to our weekly USER press briefing at 10:00am et → URL 
to all of our newest members of congress, welcome! URL 
we’re going to get to work on solving the country’s big problems on the economy, national security, and health care. URL 
i am saddened to learn about the passing of gwen ifill—an incredibly talented and respected  journalist.
we have an opportunity &amp; an obligation to take the country in the right direction. URL #betterway
we can have a health care system where everyone—regardless of income or health condition—can get affordable insurance w/out a govt takeover.
america is a pluralistic, inclusive country. it is, it has been, and it will continue to be. URL 
i'm very proud and excited for my friend USER . congrats!
#obamacare is failing—it must be replaced. URL 
think about those regulations from the obama administration that put a dark cloud on our economy. it’s being lifted. URL 
our veterans are the pride of our country. ← rt if you agree. URL 
president-elect USER had one of the most impressive victories ever. now it's time to get to work.… URL 
.USER is committed to honoring those who served by modernizing the institutions that serve them. USER … URL 
had a fantastic, productive meeting this week with president-elect USER and vp-elect USER .… URL 
#veteransday reminds us greatness is not the domain of the rich &amp; powerful. it is in the hearts of everyday people. URL 
one thing we can all do today—wherever we are—is take time to #thankavet. 🎖 URL 
the cost of war never leaves a veteran, and it is our duty to properly honor their dedication. URL 
on #veteransday we should take stock of what we're doing with the freedom our veterans sacrificed so much to protect URL 
these veterans ran for 22 hours straight in honor of the many american #veterans who suffer from ptsd and tbi every… URL 
on this #veteransday, USER pays tribute to our nation’s #veterans in the USER weekly address. URL 
great to have you back in the capitol today USER . can't wait to roll up our sleeves and get to work. URL 
thanks for having me, USER . excited to get the country back on track with a unified republican government. URL 
we're going to turn USER 's victory into progress for the american people. URL 
live now on the speaker's balcony: URL 
no more bailouts. instead, we will reward people who work hard and do the right thing. #betterway URL 
the united states is the most exceptional nation on earth. keeping it that way is the work of every generation.… URL 
our plan sets out a clear strategy to defeat isis and radical islamist extremism. #betterway URL 
conservatism is optimistic. it's hopeful. and it's inclusive because it applies equally to everybody. #betterway URL 
USER happy birthday USER !
retweet if you agree ➟ we need a new tax code—one that is fair and simple for everyone. #betterway URL 
we've got to make our tax code more competitive so that it pays to stay an american business. 🇺🇸 URL 
#republicans will end needless delays of energy projects and pipelines, meaning lower costs and more good-paying jo… URL 
most of america's gas transmission and gathering pipelines predate 1970. we need to update our energy infrastructur… URL 
a #betterway to fight poverty:  → remove penalties so it always pays to work  → improve skills &amp; job training… URL 
sorry to ruin your usual talking points, washington democrats. #betterway URL 
to lift americans out of the poverty trap, welfare benefits should be conditional—based on work, education, or trai… URL 
our plan for a #betterway expands access to basic banking services and helps you and your family save for the futur… URL 
retweet if you agree ↦ you should be able to buy health insurance across state lines. #betterway URL 
our plan caps the amount of regulatory costs that washington can impose on you and your family. #betterway URL 
the laws that we live under should be written by the people we vote for—not unelected bureaucrats in some nondescri… URL 
as a nation of laws, we must insist that everyone come here legally and maintain legal status. #betterway → URL 
#republicans will protect the homeland, keep terrorists out of america and secure our borders. #betterway URL 
it's well past time for the federal government to restore immigration enforcement within the u.s. #betterway URL 
retweet if you agree ➩ it's not too late to get our country back on track. #betterway URL 
70,000 pages—almost triple the amount of bureaucratic red tape since the tax code was last reformed in 1986. it's t… URL 
fact: the #republican plan makes the tax code flatter. we'll cut tax rates for everyone: workers, families, and… URL 
in 1960, 17 of the 20 largest companies were headquartered in the united states. as of 2016, that number has droppe… URL 
in the 21st century, you can't think that it's ok to just tax and tax and tax without international consequences. 🌎 URL 
the house #republican plan for a #betterway offers 21st century #taxreform built for economic growth and opportunit… URL 
happy birthday USER ! URL 
america’s economy is the greatest in the world, but with more than 94 million out of the workforce, we are far from… URL 
these documents further demonstrate secretary clinton's complete disregard for handling classified information.… URL 
#democrats' idea of fixing #obamacare? blaming #republicans. ours? #repealandreplace with a #betterway. URL 
america has to strengthen our cyber defenses &amp; confront terrorists who hide communications online. #betterway → URL 
no matter how #democrats try to spin it, americans nationwide are rejecting what #obamacare has to offer. URL 
sunlight is the best disinfectant. that's why #republicans will increase transparency for taxpayers across the boar… URL 
#obamacare can't be fixed because of its design—and that’s causing a lot of mixed feelings on the left. URL 
as a matter of principle, our veterans deserve greater choice for their health care needs. #betterway URL 
.USER has some tough criticism of the obama administration's handling of radical islamist terrorism. and she… URL 
what do al, ar, ca, co, il, in, ks, oh, or, pa, tx, and wv have in common? URL hint: #betterway
#republicans have a better plan to defeat #isis and the hateful ideology that fuels it. #betterway URL 
our enemies no longer fear us, and our allies no longer trust us. there is a #betterway to ensure our national secu… URL 
our latest #betterway update from around the country features 12 states: URL 
if you see a police officer today, take a moment and thank them. they need to know that they’re in our hearts and our prayers.
we now know that president obama lifted ballistic missile sanctions on #iran as part of the broader ransom deal.… URL 
this long overdue fbi decision is the result of secretary clinton's reckless use of a private email server.… URL 
our plan provides #nih with a robust, steady level of discretionary funding, so we can close the medical research gap. #curesnow #betterway
fact → our plan protects federal taxpayer dollars from ever being used for abortions. #hydeamendment #betterway URL 
#betterway = repealing broken #obamacare law &amp; implementing patient-centered solutions—not washington’s mandates. URL 
a #betterway gives you more control so you can choose the plan that best fits your needs—not washington’s mandates. URL 
it should be easier to take health insurance from job to job &amp; save for health expenses. we've got a plan for that. URL 
passed under this congress: ✔️ comprehensive reform of k-12 education 🎓 ✔️ rewrite of our customs laws 🔧 ✔️ longter… URL 
for far too many americans, #obamacare open enrollment means it’s open season on their wallets. URL 
#obamacare’s open enrollment begins today. here’s my statement → URL 
we're going to allow health insurance to be sold across state lines. you can do it for your car, why can’t you do i… URL 
at 35%, our corporate tax rate is the highest in the developed world, and it is driving businesses—and jobs—out of… URL 
american competitiveness requires a competitive tax code. that’s what the #republican plan for a #betterway will do. URL 
fact → our plan for a #betterway for #hcr continues to allow dependents up to age 26 to stay on their parents’ plan. URL 
in a nation of 323 million, it makes no sense for unelected bureaucrats to dictate your health insurance plans. URL 
#republicans offer a plan to #repealandreplace #obamacare with patient-centered solutions that fit your needs and your budget. #betterway
.USER : USER is doing more than just point out #obamacare's problems—learn more about a #betterway: URL 
#obamacare is more than just another pile of broken promises. it’s the worst of all worlds. URL 
the entirety of federal tax law spans a whopping 70,000 pages. there's a #betterway. URL 
right now, our tax code looks like a block of swiss cheese, full of carveouts and loopholes. our plan puts an end t… URL 
it should make sense to manufacture in america. 🇺🇸  real #taxreform is needed now more than ever. #betterway URL 
#obamacare = • higher costs &amp; fewer choices • less freedom &amp; more govt • more uncertainty &amp; less peace of mind URL 
#republicans are offering a plan to repeal #obamacare &amp; replace it with real, sensible, patient-centered solutions. URL 
say you’re a mother of two making about $28,000 per year. if you get a job that pays a little more, you will lose 8… URL 
average #obamacare premium increases: #pennsylvania = 53% #tennessee = 63%  #arizona = 116% URL 
#obamacare is blowing up like a samsung galaxy phone. that's why we're offering a #betterway forward on health care… URL 
this is the biggest broken #obamacare promise since "if you like your health care plan, you can keep it" ➩… URL 
a #betterway gives you more control so you can choose the health care plan that best meets your needs—not washingto… URL 
because of #obamacare, we've seen record premium hikes, lost plans, waste, fraud, &amp; abuse. URL … URL 
it’s been a rough week for #obamacare—but not nearly as rough as next year will be for all forced to use it. URL 
22%. that’s how much more the average midlevel #obamacare plan will cost next year. URL 
i renew my call for the director of national intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for secretary clinton. URL 
breaking news → the fbi is reopening its investigation into secretary hillary clinton.  my full statement ⇩ URL 
good news ➡️ our legislation that keeps #teamusa from being punished for winning medals is now law. 🇺🇸 URL 
just announced: USER will deliver this week’s USER address on the #betterway #obamacare alternative: URL 
.USER is right: we can't accept this as the new normal. there is a #betterway. URL 
unacceptable ➙ liability costs in the u.s. are more than 2.5 times that of eurozone countries. URL 
there is a #betterway to grow our economy, and it starts with getting government out of the way. URL 
what does it say when the united states repeatedly bends over backwards to accommodate #iran? URL 
lack of leadership from this potus has damaged our ability to confront the terrorist threat. there's a #betterway. URL 
fact → our plan protects patients with pre-existing conditions. learn more at URL . #betterway
democrats have for yrs pushed the false narrative that #obamacare would lower premiums. we now know that's not true. URL 
the stakes are as high as they've ever been. that's why #republicans in the house of representatives are offering a… URL 
americans deserve to know when, where, and why their money is being spent. #betterway URL 
under our plan for a #betterway, congress will impose new limits on spending and enforce clear lines of authority. URL 
the #constitution that our founders gave us was designed to ensure that no one person exercises too much power. URL 
the federal budget has grown so much that roughly 2 out of every 3 dollars spent is outside congressional control. URL 
i want to thank everyone who stood up for our #veterans by speaking out on this issue, particularly USER . URL 
government has gotten out of control. after decades of overreach by both parties, it is time we restore our… URL 
retweet if you agree → president obama's attempt to whitewash the corruption at the #va is shameful. URL 
potus's claims he "fired a whole bunch of people" at the #va got him more pinocchios than senior officials fired.… URL 
#republicans will make sure that our troops always have the tools they need, and under our plan, they'll get a well… URL 
president obama's promise that this law would bring down premiums sounded too good to be true.   it was. URL 
an average of 22%. #savedyouaclick URL 
house #republicans have put forward a plan to ensure we keep the promises made to our #veterans. #betterway. URL 
good news → the pentagon came to its senses and has stopped revoking bonuses awarded to our #veterans.   full state… URL 
we want america to lead the world. but president obama has created a void filled by aggressors and terrorists on th… URL 
fact → our plan prohibits insurers from turning away patients when you renew simply b/c you may be sick. #betterway URL 
in a nation of 323 million people, it makes no sense for 1 federal bureaucracy to dictate americans’ health insuran… URL 
families are stuck paying higher premiums &amp; #democrats only want to double down on #obamacare. we have a #betterway. URL 
the obama administration is trying to take back bonuses from our #veterans. we're taking action to stop them. URL 
the pentagon should immediately suspend efforts to recover these bonuses to our #veterans.   my full statement ⇩ URL 
#obamacare is not working. #republicans offer a #betterway. URL 
the president recently compared #obamacare to a samsung #galaxynote7, and he's right: this disastrous law is blowin… URL 
a #betterway = greater portability for housing vouchers, so you can move to areas with more jobs and opportunities.… URL 
great piece by USER on how communities in tx are effectively fighting #poverty: URL #betterway
our welfare system today is basically a work replacement system. it penalizes work. there's a #betterway. URL 
we need a 21st century tax code in order to compete in a 21st century global economy. #betterway URL 
our welfare system is designed to encourage people not to work. that's got to change. #betterway URL 
if we keep kicking the can down the road, america's problems will get worse, and the solutions will not be pleasant… URL 
our welfare system actually discourages work because some people lose more money than they gain by taking a job. URL 
if we stay on the path we are on, we will undoubtedly give the next generation a lower quality of life. URL 
fact: house #republicans have a plan to lift people out of poverty, and it doesn't cut or increase spending by a pe… URL 
house #republicans have a plan to completely overhaul the #va so it works for every veteran and their families. URL 
#schoolchoice is all about reform &amp; empowering communities. URL no wonder pres. obama wants to pretend it isn’t working.
when government only treats the symptoms of poverty, it perpetuates poverty. we need to go at the root causes.… URL 
the number of people living in highly-concentrated areas of poverty has nearly doubled since 2000 to 13.8 million. URL 
we need go after the root causes of poverty and measure success based on actual outcomes, not dollars spent.… URL 
more than 1 in 4 families in america either do not have bank accounts or use alternatives, like cashing checks. the… URL 
#obamacare is making things worse by the day—driving up premiums &amp; deductibles for individuals, fams, &amp; #smallbiz. URL 
you deserve more patient-centered care, not more bureaucracy. #betterway URL 
thanks, USER . it's the american way! URL 
here's one (of the many problems) with #obamacare ☞ they expanded coverage by lowering the quality. URL 
#obamacare made problems worse with a #medicaldevicetax. URL 
great win on the road, USER . #onwisconsin! URL 
fact → #obamacare is imploding. we have a plan to replace it. #betterway URL 
#democrats forced #obamacare through congress and filled it with handouts, budget gimmicks and tax increases. URL 
we can have a system where everyone has access to quality insurance—without a 1-size-fits-all, big government manda… URL 
americans deserve a competitive insurance marketplace that provides quality care at an affordable cost. #betterway URL 
#obamacare did nothing to drive down health care costs. a #betterway allows #smallbiz to band together to negotiate for lower rates.
important op-ed from three house #republican doctors on our #betterway to achieve health care reform. URL 
every generation of americans has left the next generation better off. now, we run the risk of severing that legacy. URL 
our #betterway plan strengthens #foia and limits the government’s ability to withhold information from public recor… URL 
the #va continues to be a national embarrassment under president obama's failed leadership. we have a #betterway. URL 
this latest action by president obama subverts the law and #constitution. we're taking legal action to stop it. URL 
america’s young people know a bad deal when they see one—and #obamacare is a bad deal. URL 
.USER , USER , and USER : "there is a #betterway to achieve health system reform" ↓ URL 
you can't fix a problem if you insist it no longer exists. that's exactly what president obama is doing w/ the #va. URL 
hey USER , great game!  way to step up. congrats. #gopackgo
this is a make-or-break time for america. #betterway URL 
big game tonight on twitter. #gopackgo! URL 
a #betterway means replacing #obamacare with patient-centered, affordable, quality health care. URL 
we need to repeal #obamacare &amp; replace it with patient-centered reforms—and our plan does just that.… URL 
after listening to the president’s speech on #obamacare, i’m not sure what health care law he’s talking about.… URL 
#obamacare isn't an encouraging sign for the future—especially for millennials. #obamalegacy URL 
•10,000 known diseases  •7,000 are considered rare •we only have treatments for 500 there's got to be a #betterway URL 
we shouldn’t force people of any age into plans they don’t want—and can’t afford—to make #obamacare work. URL 
you should be able to choose the health care coverage that’s best for you—and your budget. #betterway URL 
#obamacare has been anything but a hit with millennials. here's why: URL 
this has been the slowest economic recovery since the great depression. big government is in the way. URL 
pressuring the #fbi to hide the extent of secretary clinton's mishandling bears all the signs of a cover-up.… URL 
secretary mcdonald's claim that 90% of #va medical center heads have been replaced since 2014 is flat-out false. URL 
our plan for a #betterway requires an up-or-down vote before major regulations can take effect.… URL 
pres. obama recently said that he "fired a whole bunch of people" who oversaw corrupt #va facilities.  4 pinocchios. URL 
as 2 years of normalizing relations with #cuba have only emboldened the regime, i fully intend to maintain our emba… URL 
thanks to USER ’ leadership, the survivors' bill of rights act is now law. URL 
the castros continue to jail pro-democracy activists, but president obama continues to appease this regime. #cuba URL 
president obama doesn't want you to know this, but the #va is still broken. we have a plan to fix it. #betterway URL 
under both parties, the presidency keeps breaking the rules, and congress keeps allowing it to happen. URL 
with little to show for his quest to shut down #schoolchoice, pres. obama tries to ignore it. URL we can’t let him.
this congress is getting things done. here’s how ↓ URL 
fact: the federal government consistently maintains a backlog of about 100,000 #foia requests. there's a #betterway. URL 
new docs related to the #fbi investigation of sec. clinton show why our aggressive oversight work is so important.… URL 
pres. obama has become a #schoolchoice denier. URL #republicans continue to expand opportunities for students.
fact: the obama administration has averaged 81 major regulations per year. that's a 30% jump over the previous admi… URL 
president obama's latest move on #cuba will only help finance the castros' grip on power and jeopardize america's i… URL 
i fully intend to maintain our embargo on #cuba.   my full statement ⇩ URL 
it is not enough to have an efficient or effective government. we must reclaim the principle of self-government.… URL 
let's require a vote before major regulation can take effect. unelected bureaucrats should not have the final say. URL 
this bears all the signs of a cover-up. URL 
my statement on new documents from the fbi investigation of secretary clinton ⇩ URL 
amendments to the #constitution may enumerate our rights, but the separation of powers protects those rights. URL 
conservatism means we want to conserve what is good: liberty, freedom, free enterprise, and self determination. URL 
president obama has failed our troops and veterans at every turn. get the facts ⇩ URL 
you should be able to pick the health care plan that best meets your needs—not washington’s mandates. #betterway ☞ URL 
over the last 8 years, president obama has led a regulatory onslaught the likes of which we have never seen. URL 
the house has filed an amicus brief arguing that insurance companies are not entitled to an #obamacare bailout. URL 
the u.s. tax code should be simpler, flatter, and fairer. #betterway URL 
retweet to agree → liberal progressivism simply doesn’t work. it’s time for a #betterway. URL 
there's a #betterway to tackle: ① poverty ② national security ③ regulatory reform ④ separation of powers ⑤ health c… URL 
enough is enough. good jobs and good ideas have been sitting on the sidelines for too long. time for a #betterway.… URL 
if we don’t turn things around quickly, we won’t be able to fix america’s problems on our own terms. URL 
the #parisagreement throws away the great energy development gains that the u.s. has made over the past decade.… URL 
why did america succeed in the first place? it's because our country was based on a simple but powerful idea → free… URL 
our plan offers a better path—an inspiring path—so we can have more success stories &amp; more comebacks. #betterway URL 
the obama administration acts as if energy is primarily a source of pollution, not jobs or prosperity. URL 
the best way to restore america's prosperity is to tap into the aspirations of the people, then get out of their way URL 
a #betterway means promoting reliable, affordable american energy &amp; enhancing our global competitiveness. URL 
when women earn less, families—and our economy as a whole—do worse. the house is working to close the earnings gap.… URL 
there should be a cap on the amount of regulatory costs that washington can impose each year. #betterway URL 
this week's USER address is live — USER on smart regs for americans. watch here: URL #betterway
the #betterway is a solution-based agenda that can help get big govt out of the way &amp; put america on a better path. URL 
retweet to agree → insurance companies are not entitled to an #obamacare bailout. URL 
tune in tomorrow: USER will deliver the USER address on smart regulatory reform. #betterway URL 
breaking → the house is taking legal action to prevent an #obamacare bailout of insurance companies.… URL 
despite his promises, balancing the budget was never a priority for president obama. URL #obamalegacy
a poverty trap. a coming debt crisis. a stagnant economy. a broken tax code. we can fix these problems. #betterway URL 
fact ➩ america’s energy boom has the potential to support an additional 2.3 million jobs over the next 2 decades.… URL 
the obama administration is taking america backwards with costly regulations like the overtime rule. - USER … URL 
the national debt has almost doubled under president obama—from $10.6 trillion to $19.4 trillion. URL #obamalegacy
you don't want to just live a good life. you want to lead a good life. conservatism makes that possible. URL #betterway
house #republicans have big solutions to the big problems facing this country. → URL #betterway URL 
the babies act is now law and will make it easier for dads to find changing tables in public. at long last. URL 
america’s problems are fixable—and we can get started right away. #betterway URL 
fact ⇒ in 2015, federal regulations cost america $1.89 trillion in lost growth &amp; productivity. URL 
we should set a cap on the amount of regulatory costs that washington can impose each year. #betterway ⇒… URL 
in 8 years, president obama has never proposed a balanced budget—not once. URL #obamalegacy
the #parisagreement would be disastrous for the american economy. URL 
i get a lot of young people asking me: "why should i choose the #republicanparty or conservatism?" here's my answer. URL 
america’s litigation system is the costliest in the world, and it’s not even close, really. URL 
retweet if you agree → no major regulation should become law unless congress takes a vote. #betterway URL 
i join in calling for the immediate release of USER in #malaysia. he is a prisoner of conscience and should be freed.
to our jewish friends observing #yomkippur, janna and i wish you an easy and meaningful fast.
we should encourage energy development so we can actually lower costs and help create jobs. #betterway URL 
#doddfrank was designed to rein in #wallstreet. instead, fees surge &amp; we're losing 1 financial institution daily.… URL 
president obama's so-called 'clean power' rule is yet another frontward attack on coal, and it must be stopped.… URL 
a #betterway locks in growth by developing energy infrastructure to responsibly produce more of our own resources.… URL 
time for washington to change the very way it writes the rules—to make it more accountable to the american people.… URL 
what a joy to sign a bill honoring #koreanwar vets with a man who has gone above &amp; beyond in service to his country… URL 
house #republicans are absolutely committed to protecting and promoting religious liberty. URL 
4 out of 10 families look to women as the sole breadwinners. USER is leading a working group to find solutio… URL 
i’m optimistic about america’s future, &amp; if we act now, i'm confident we can fix our country's problems.… URL 
instead of focusing on small-ball tactics, we, in congress, need to raise our gaze. that’s what a #betterway is all… URL 
instead of hitting #smallbiz with more mandates, a #betterway allows them to band together to negotiate with insurers for lower prices.
millions have lost coverage as insurers were forced to cancel policies that did not satisfy #obamacare mandates and… URL 
for 6 years, we’ve promised to repeal &amp; replace #obamacare &amp; make health care actually affordable. well, here it is… URL 
nearly 20 million americans have an #hsa, which provides greater flexibility, portability, and autonomy to patients… URL 
we can have a system in this country where everyone has access to affordable health care without a government takeo… URL 
because of the obama administration's 'overtime rule,' salaried workers are being forced back on the clock.… URL 
potus sold the #irandeal on the promise that ballistic missile sanctions would be left intact. so much for that ↓ URL 
by removing ballistic missile sanctions 7 years early, president obama apparently violated his own #irandeal. URL 
victims of sexual assault deserve full protection under the law. and now, they will have it. URL 
remember this? ↦ the white house fact sheet on the #irandeal promising not to lift ballistic missile sanctions ↓… URL 
#obamacare’s plan was to raid &amp; ration #medicare to the tune of more than $800 billion. URL 
a #betterway saves #medicare for future generations by letting seniors pick their plan, starting in 2024. URL 
proud to meet with USER recently. it’s a great organization working to protect christians around the world.… URL 
americans don't have to settle for this. there's a #betterway to grow our economy. URL 
our plan ensures that no american can be denied coverage on the basis of their medical conditions. #betterway URL 
the obama administration has done just about everything to appease #iran. now they've gone ballistic. URL 
a #betterway to save #medicaid for those who need it = empower states to design programs that best suit their needs. URL 
#medicare is on its way to insolvency. we have to fix this now—and we have a plan to do it. #betterway URL 
one of my proudest moments as speaker was when the house passed the conscience protection act in july. URL 
house #republicans want to make college more affordable—and that’s a promise we can keep. URL #betterway
to all those in the path of #hurricanematthew, stay safe and keep in touch with your loved ones. the whole country is pulling for you.
more choices &amp; competition will succeed where price controls have failed. that's a #betterway to lower #hcr costs. URL 
we all deserve better than #obamacare can provide. ← rt to agree. URL 
let's make the insurance companies compete and give you the power to shop for more affordable policies. #betterway URL 
#obamacare is a classic, top-down, command-and-control, washington-imposed solution. but there's a #betterway. URL 
instead of a big bill that no one can understand, a #betterway lays out a step-by-step approach to fix health care.… URL 
a #betterway to save #medicaid for those who need = empower states to design programs that best suit their needs. URL 
the obama admin has not been willing to tackle our entitlement problems at all, but if we don't do it soon, the pro… URL 
our plan to fix health care in america includes expanding the use of health savings accounts. #hsa #betterway URL 
we’re going to repeal #obamacare &amp; let you pick a plan that works for you. #betterway URL 
we need to tackle america’s big entitlement problems before they tackle us. that’s what a #betterway is all about. URL 
thank you USER for joining for a great #facebook q&amp;a on some of the most pressing issues facing our nation.… URL 
religious liberty is essential to the flourishing of american civil society. it must be protected. URL 
abundant, low-cost forms of energy will be shut in ground if #parisagreement goes into effect. URL 
once again, president obama has acted unlawfully with his actions on the #parisagreement. URL 
house #republicans want to streamline education benefits &amp; help more americans earn a college education. URL #betterway
the #parisagreement will result in higher energy costs for americans—hurting the poor the most. URL 
here’s my statement on the #parisagreement: URL 
religious liberty around the world is in peril. here’s what congress is doing about it: URL 
president obama promised #obamacare would lower premiums for the typical family by $2,500. it didn’t.… URL 
competition among health care providers—based on price, quality &amp; outcomes—that's a #betterway than #obamacare. URL 
reducing high college costs won’t happen by unfairly raising taxes on the middle class. there's a #betterway. URL 
the view is great, but these visitors to the speaker's balcony at the USER are what make it so special.… URL 
#obamacare's knot of regulations, taxes, &amp; mandates cannot be untangled. it must be fully repealed. #betterway URL 
these are tougher sanctions designed to isolate the assad regime in #syria—so why does president obama oppose them?… URL 
at every step, you should be in the driver's seat and in control of your health care decisions: URL #betterway
retweet if you agree → you should be able to buy health insurance across state lines. #betterway URL 
going to have to agree with bill clinton on this one... URL 
our health care plan will protect #medicare for today’s seniors and preserve the program for future generations. URL 
this one problem with #obamacare has forced more than 800,000 people to look for new coverage. URL 
you deserve more patient-centered care and more choices, not more bureaucracy and mandates. #betterway URL 
this weekend marked the 3rd anniversary of the rollout of #obamacare, but there wasn't exactly much to celebrate. URL 
17% of americans eligible for an affordable care act plan may have only one insurer to choose from next year: URL 
our #betterway plan for #hcr respects &amp; protects the doctor-patient relationship. it is the plan america needs. URL 
a #betterway will save, strengthen &amp; secure #medicare so that it’s there for today’s seniors &amp; future generations. URL 
we are offering a #betterway to fix health care. URL USER 
we have a plan to replace #obamacare with a real, patient-centered system that puts you back in charge of your heal… URL 
sending legislation to the president that cracks down on the global poaching crisis threatening some of the world’s… URL 
as USER put it, "midnight rules can be abused to allow a president to reach into a 3rd term without any… URL 
our #hcr plan includes: ✅ more choices &amp; lower costs ✅ real protections ✅ cutting-edge cures ✅ a stronger #medicare… URL 
if a picture is worth a thousand words, here are 10,000 words from september. URL 
this #iran ransom story grows more disturbing with each passing day. URL 
president obama's so-called 'clean power rule' is yet another multi-billion dollar regulation. there's a #betterway. URL 
a #betterway includes funding for high-risk pools &amp; state innovation grants as backstops to help those who are priced out of #hcr coverage.
good news→ the house passed a bill to exempt those who lost coverage due to the failure of #obamacare’s co-ops from the individual mandate.
put the patient-doctor relationship first + applying free market principles = replacement for #obamacare that works: URL 
wasn’t #obamacare supposed to mean more choices? look what happened in these 4 states: URL 
this one was a real doozy. URL #obamalegacy URL 
the #koreanwar is often referred to as 'the forgotten war,' but more than 5.7 million americans served in that conf… URL 
when competition goes down, costs go up. health care is no different. URL 
you should be free to pick whatever plan meets your needs, not one washington forces you to buy. #betterway URL 
remember the botched #obamacare website roll-out? that was just one of the failures of obamacare. URL 
to those celebrating, l'shana tova! URL 
fact → president obama is blocking a pay raise for our troops. URL 
3 years ago, the obama administration unveiled the “terribly flawed” #obamacare website. (those are their words.) URL 
as an orthopaedic surgeon for 20+ years, USER knows how important the doctor-patient relationship is. URL 
we lose 22 #veterans to suicide every day, but 30% of calls to the va hotline go unanswered. URL 
the #hydeamendment is responsible for saving more than 2 million american lives. URL #hydesaveslives
this legislation we sent to the president's desk provides the resources to address the #zika outbreak and critical… URL 
these additional secret concessions to #iran from the obama admin directly jeopardize our national security. URL 
the #koreanwar is often referred to as 'the forgotten war,’ but we want to make sure that is never the case. URL 
#obamacare is collapsing under its own weight. it must be repealed and replaced with a #betterway. URL 
my op-ed in USER - over the last 6 years, #obamacare has made health care more bureaucratic &amp; expensive: URL 
a #betterway will reform #medicaid so that states have the flexibility to offer the kind of coverage that best serves their communities.
today is the 3rd anniversary of #obamacare's rollout. house #republicans offer a clean break w/ the past. #betterway URL 
a #betterway = patient-centered solutions to put patients, families, and doctors in charge of health care decisions. URL 
it’s not enough to simply acknowledge the failures of #obamacare. that’s why we've offered a #betterway. URL 
#obamacare set up 23 non-profit health insurers in an attempt to provide additional insurance options. only 6 out o… URL 
this week, congress sent the president a bill to fund our military, improve care for our veterans, and fight #zika. URL 
our first priority is to put you, the patient, in charge of your health care, not washington bureaucrats. #betterway URL 
now we know that those who still defend #obamacare will come up with one excuse after another to protect the broken… URL 
ever since president obama and a democrat-led congress passed #obamacare, the law’s failures have been piling up. URL 
with #betterway, you never have to worry about being turned away b/c of age, income or health. USER explains URL 
tomorrow marks the 3rd anniversary of #obamacare. it isn't so much limping towards this date as it is collapsing. URL 
#obamacare was designed to increase participation in ineffective, government-run health insurance marketplaces: URL 
with each passing day, we see more and more the harm #obamacare is doing to america’s health care system. URL 
the #hydeamendment has been the cornerstone of protecting conscience for 40 years. URL #hydesaveslives
“the law has proven to be one long string of broken promises.” URL USER previews his ad… URL 
for #obamacare, the president's signature domestic “achievement,” technical problems were only the beginning. URL 
no american taxpayer should be forced to pay for abortions. URL #hydesaveslives URL 
on its 40th anniversary, make no mistake: the #hydeamendment will remain central in our fight for life.… URL 
it’s only september, but we’re already getting the stage ready for january’s presidential inauguration here at the… URL 
it will be USER delivering this week’s national #republican address. URL topic:… URL 
my statement on the obama administration's reported secret ransom agreements with #iran ⇩ URL 
a #betterway promotes financial independence for people who work hard and do the right thing. URL 
with this legislation, we're creating a wall of remembrance listing vets' names at the #koreanwar memorial in #dc.… URL 
thank you for representing #teamusa and making us all proud. 🇺🇸 URL 
check out my new op-ed in USER : #obamacare turns 3: there's a #betterway. URL 
fact → the botched roll-out of #obamcare’s website cost taxpayers upwards of $2.1 billion. URL 
we lose 22 #veterans to suicide every day, but 30% of calls to the va hotline go unanswered. URL 
happy #nationalcoffeeday. ☕ URL 
this legislation will help our #veterans will get the care they deserve. URL 
more than 36,000 americans gave their lives in the #koreanwar, and many #veterans remain unaccounted for. these pat… URL 
this week, we voted to provide relief for people affected by #obamcare’s co-op failures. URL 
in a matter of weeks, americans will face another round of massive premium hikes thanks to #obamacare. URL 
we are praying that first responders are able to bring people to safety in #hoboken. URL 
happening now: my weekly press briefing. URL #betterway
tune in live to my weekly press briefing at 11:30am et → URL #betterway
have you tried restarting your computer? a look back at the botched #obamacare URL roll-out. URL 
big news --&gt; the house passed legislation that provides funding to train and equip our military. URL 
there are incredible #poverty fighters doing amazing things in our communities. our job is to support them.… URL 
our #betterway agenda offers six big solutions to the greatest challenges facing our country. #ideasforum URL 
now → i'm live with USER ’s washington #ideasforum. #betterway URL 
joining USER ’s washington #ideasforum to talk #betterway at 9:00am et. tune in live ↓… URL 
the federal government now has needed resources to fight #zika virus in the u.s. URL 
breaking: house passes bill to fund military, improve care for veterans, respond to #zika crisis. URL 
the obama admin is sitting on its hands while our #veterans are stuck on hold and in wait lines. URL #obamatownhall
president obama has a strategy to contain #isis. we have a plan to defeat them. #obamatownhall #betterway URL 
tonight, pres. obama will tout his record on veterans and our military. don't be fooled—he's failed on both fronts. URL 
upgrading our water infrastructure will create jobs and strengthen our economy. it’s a #betterway. URL #wrda
house #republicans are tackling our nation’s water infrastructure challenges. URL 
while we join the state of #israel in mourning #shimonperes' death, we also give thanks for his incredible life. URL 
planning to tune into president obama's townhall tonight? you'll want to read this first ⇩ URL 
our nation’s infrastructure is in trouble. that’s why house #republicans have made upgrading it a major priority. URL 
.USER named this pledge from president obama its ‘lie of the year’ URL 
#shimonperes was a gift to the country he helped establish and lead, and a persistent voice for peace. URL 
now: i'm joined by a personal hero, USER , to sign his bipartisan bill to honor #koreanwar veterans. URL 
37 → that’s how many times president obama pledged that americans would be able to keep the plan they like. URL 
i’m always optimistic for our country, but we need to turn things around quickly. i know we can. #betterway URL 
here are 5 things you need to know about #wrda, the water infrastructure bill → URL 
i think our standing in the world is slipping. there is a #betterway to rebuild our military and restore american l… URL 
we’ve got to reform our tax code to get our economy moving. that’s what our plan does. #betterway URL 
happening now: i'm live at USER talking a #betterway—our bold agenda for the country. URL 
joining USER soon to discuss our #betterway agenda. tune in live ⇩ URL .
the world has lost a true legend and statesman. #shimonperes URL 
not only would the clean power plan cost people their jobs &amp; livelihoods—it’ll send electric bills skyrocketing. URL 
we now know that the obama administration misled the public about the details of its arrangement with #iran. URL 
this new obama administration rule would raise electricity prices in all 47 states that it affects. #betterway URL 
america is the greatest democracy in the world. let's keep it that way. 🗳 URL #nationalvoterregistrationday
.USER statues are donated by their respective states and don't cost federal taxpayers a dime. learn more: URL 
it costs $2 billion and takes 14 years to get a new drug through the federal clearance process. there's a… URL 
we should encourage energy development, so we can actually lower costs and create jobs. URL #betterway
i hope president obama’s so-called ‘clean power rule' is struck down permanently—before coal country is destroyed &amp;… URL 
our regulatory system should work for you, and even with you, but never against you. #betterway URL 
tune in live to our weekly USER press briefing at 10:00am et → URL #betterway
this is a great example of the obama administration's failed leadership in #syria ⇩ URL 
the obama administration's regulators have a habit of creating regulations in search of problems. there's a… URL 
repeated requests for additional security in #benghazi were routinely denied by secretary clinton's state dept. URL 
a #betterway to tackle our #hcr problems = clear out bureaucracy to accelerate development of cutting-edge cures.… URL 
a #betterway to ensure our #nationalsecurity would be to take the fight to the enemy. URL 
last week, congress unveiled the newest addition to the national statuary hall collection: thomas edison of #ohio.… URL 
fact: america's tax code hasn't been updated in 30 years. we're past due for a #betterway. URL 
did you know? there are 100 statues in the national statuary hall collection &amp; each state may contribute 2 statues. URL 
president obama’s #syria strategy has been an abysmal failure. he should help us enact these new sanctions. URL 
our welfare system is rigged to replace work, not encourage it. there’s a #betterway to lift people out of poverty. URL 
question → why does the white house oppose this bipartisan syrian sanctions bill? URL 
in this country, if you build it, grow it, and work for it, it's yours. you've earned it. that is a core principle… URL 
from the lightbulb to the motion picture—edison's contributions to american society, and the world, are well-known.… URL 
we can't keep kicking the can down the road. generations of americans are depending on us to turn things around. URL 
house #republicans are offering a unified front of solutions. it's a #betterway. URL 
3-step approach to saving #medicare:  ☞end #obamacare’s raid  ☞improve fiscal health ☞make it sustainable #betterway URL 
this was a great opportunity to discuss how we can best strengthen our defense &amp; economic ties with #australia.… URL 
we need to restore self-government and the separation of powers granted by the #constitution. #betterway URL 
injured patients receive only 46¢ of every dollar awarded. the rest goes to lawyers &amp; fees. URL 
when i heard we were unveiling a statue of thomas edison, my first thought was, ‘we don’t have one already?’… URL 
after we strengthened welfare work requirements, employment for single mothers increased by 15%. #betterway URL 
retweet if you agree → the need for tax reform is indisputable. #betterway URL 
this country has to find new ways of learning how to heal &amp; understand all of our different perspectives. URL 
the administration opposes our bipartisan bill to sanction the assad regime. what's their excuse?… URL 
don't miss it → USER with USER this morning URL 
the USER is a valuable addition to the USER . URL #apeoplesjourney
this isn’t about saving money. it’s about saving lives. #betterway URL 
with a #betterway, everyone can have the chance to live long and prosper. URL #llap URL 
thomas edison brought together the brightest minds from all over the world to work on some of the greatest inventio… URL 
what an honor to spend time with the legendary USER at the opening of USER . ⚾️ #apeoplesjourney URL 
this is a good day for american scholarship and the american people. #apeoplesjourney #nmaahc URL 
i’m glad to see that the contributions of african-americans finally get their place in our nation's capital. URL #nmaahc
happy to be attending the grand opening of USER along with USER . #apeoplesjourney URL 
there's an important role for government to play in fighting poverty. but it's got to be bottom up, not top down. URL 
what's happening in #northcarolina is absolutely heartbreaking &amp; upsetting, but the answer to a violent tragedy can… URL 
our ongoing mission to explore positive ideas and seek out a bold agenda… URL #betterway… URL 
thank you, USER , for bringing awareness to the issues afflicting so many american veterans. URL 
check out this segment from USER with USER on the administration's ransom payment to #iran⇩ URL 
thanks for coming by! URL 
most #smallbiz that don't offer health insurance coverage say the reason is cost. there is a #betterway? URL 
the regulatory juggernaut from this administration is hurting our businesses and stifling job growth. #betterway URL 
this is not a game. this is the administration protecting some of the world's worst war criminals.… URL 
the reality is that these payments to #iran are dangerous concessions that go beyond the letter of the nuclear deal. URL 
these are the voyages of a #betterway… URL #startrek50 URL 
you just can't defend this tax code anymore. we have a #betterway. URL 
what does it say when the u.s. repeatedly bends over backwards to accommodate the world’s number 1 state sponsor of… URL 
the laws we live under should be written by the people we elect to represent us. URL #betterway
yesterday, the house passed critical legislation to prevent dangerous cash ransom payments to #iran. URL 
the alliance we've built with #australia over the past seven decades is stronger than ever. URL 
democrats just can’t defend this tax code anymore. it’s hurting america’s small businesses and slowing the entire e… URL 
winning gold should not cost you. URL 
breaking → the house just passed USER 's bill to ban all cash ransom payments to #iran. URL 
we need to stop these cash payments to #iran, and USER 's bill does exactly that. URL 
i want to thank prime minister USER for his friendship and support for the u.s.-#australia relationship… URL 
breaking news ➡️ the house just voted to stop taxing the medals won by #teamusa. URL 
yesterday, i called out the obama administration for coddling #iran with unprecedented cash ransom payments. URL 
i'm calling on the white house to allow democrats in congress to work with us to pass these sanctions against assad. URL 
in the fight against poverty, we should measure success by how much we help, not by how much we spend. #betterway URL 
ridiculous → the white house is interfering with bipartisan legislation to impose new sanctions on the assad regime. URL 
the answer to a violent tragedy can’t be more violence. as leaders, we must promote calm, peaceful dialogue. URL 
join us now with your questions about strengthening america’s economy national security. #betterway… URL 
she served 26 years in the USER &amp; is the first female fighter pilot to fly in combat. she know what it takes… URL 
happening now: my weekly press briefing. URL #betterway
tune in live to my weekly press briefing at 11:30am et → URL #betterway
potus is sending the secretary of state out to shill for #iran like he's the head of tehran's chamber of commerce. URL 
today at 12:15pm et on #facebook → we'll take your questions about a #betterway for our economy &amp; national security… URL 
the USER agenda will boost our economy in ways you—the taxpayer—can actually benefit from. URL #betterway
fact → the obama administration paid a $1.7 billion ransom to #iran. URL 
great news → the house just passed USER 's bill to help crackdown on iranian terror financing. URL 
this statue captures a hint of thomas edison's character—a piece of his legacy—which will inspire all americans who… URL 
just kicked off the thomas edison statue unveiling at the USER . URL 
today, we're dedicating a statue in the USER to honor thomas edison of #ohio. tune in live at 3pm et → URL .
.USER 's review act will put an end to costly regulations &amp; allow businesses to hire &amp; invest w/ certainty. URL 
gifting billions of additional dollars to #iran will only fuel more terrorism against america and our allies. URL 
i went in expecting to see the worst of america, but i instead saw the best of america. URL #betterway
the obama administration misled the public over #iran. URL 
.USER is right: we cannot let this happen again. we need to stop these cash payments to #iran. URL 
the obama administration is pushing legal and ethical boundaries to appease the iranian regime. URL 
happening now: our weekly USER press briefing. URL #betterway
tune in live to our weekly USER press briefing at 10:00am et → URL #betterway
today’s economy isn’t giving americans the opportunity they deserve—we know there’s a #betterway. URL 
here are three ways to help stop these kinds of attacks →  URL 
this is simple → use objective tools to measure the outcome of policies based on evidence. #betterway URL 
fact → the obama administration's additional concessions to #iran will fund more terrorism against the west. URL 
house #republicans have a #betterway to tackle our biggest challenges. learn more: URL 
we never thought a law preventing a us president from sending hard cash to #iran would be necessary.  now it is. URL 
15 years ago today, president bush addressed a joint session of congress about american resolve against terrorism. URL 
verified: the curious case of the #iran payments. ⇩ URL 
one thing all americans should agree on → we have to fix our tax code. URL #betterway
we must ensure that people on the front lines have the tools they need to combat terror in our communities. URL 
the curious case of the obama administration's payments to #iran has raised more questions than answers. URL 
there is a #betterway to fight poverty—person to person. URL 
here are 6 key takeaways from my address to the economic club of new york ↓ URL #betterway URL 
with dr. carla hayden at the helm, the USER is in good hands. URL 
a #betterway to fight poverty → use objective tools to measure the outcome of policies based on evidence. URL 
washington has spent trillions in the #waronpoverty. it's time for some new ideas. it's time for a #betterway. URL 
fact: #obamacare imposes roughly $1,058,000,000 in tax hikes. our plan repeals them all. #betterway URL 
growing our economy requires tax reform and reducing the regulatory burden on small businesses. #betterway URL 
we must replace #obamacare and reform our entitlements to get spending under control. #betterway URL 
don't punish people for saving and investing → reward them. #betterway URL 
measure success based on results rather than efforts. that's how we can beat poverty—person to person. #betterway URL 
i went in expecting to see the worst of america, and i came out realizing i’d just seen the best of the america. URL 
to believe in american exceptionalism is simply to be grateful for what god has given us. URL 
if the american idea is not true for everybody, then it is not true at all. #betterway URL 
we are praying for the people of new york, new jersey, and minnesota—and especially our first responders. URL 
starting now: my address to the economic club of new york #betterway URL 
there is a #betterway to grow our economy and get americans back to work. learn more at URL 
excited to be in #newyork. tune in live in 15 minutes. #betterway URL 
30 minutes to go until my address to the economic club of new york. watch live at 12:30pm et → URL #betterway
today, i’ll address the economic club of new york at 12:30pm et. tune in live at URL .
a #betterway to do #taxreform focuses on 3 principles:  ■ simplification ■ growth ■ #irs reform URL 
retweet to agree ➩ instead of picking winners &amp; losers, government should be promoting competition. #betterway
this is money america could be using to boost wages, hire more workers, &amp; strengthen our economy. #betterway URL 
it should be our top #nationalsecurity priority to prevail in the war against radical islamic extremism. URL #betterway
our tax code should be so simple that most americans can do their taxes on a form as simple as a postcard #betterway URL 
#obamacare is fueling waste, fraud, &amp; abuse. it cannot be fixed; it must be repealed &amp; replaced with a #betterway. URL 
.USER : defending the #constitution is how we keep america exceptional. URL #betterway
red tape should never get in the way of innovation. #betterway URL 
president obama must enforce the sanctions that congress passed to isolate #northkorea. URL 
"our #betterway plan seeks to restore the separation of powers." more from USER : URL 
for the president, it's about a campaign promise. for us, it's about keeping americans safe. URL 
good news → the house passed the survivors’ bill of rights act this week to fully protect victims of sexual assault. URL 
the president must make use of the north korean sanctions congress approved in february. URL 
here's how we stop future ransom payments to #iran: URL 
the work of defending the #constitution is the work of every generation. URL #constitutionday
#otd in 1787, our founding fathers signed the #constitution &amp; secured the blessings of liberty for all americans. URL 
new on URL : USER with this week's USER address on defending the #constitution. URL 
the news that two more former #gitmo detainees have returned to the fight underscores the need for this bill. URL 
our alliance with #southkorea is particularly important in light of #northkorea launching another nuclear test. URL 
the president never put forward a real plan to fix the #va, and our veterans are paying the price. URL 
the greatest living man i know was a #pow at #hanoihilton for nearly 7 years. today we honor such sacrifice. #powmia URL 
this week the house passed bills to ✅improve education ✅protect seniors from #obamacare taxes ✅hold va accountable URL 
for the president, this is about keeping a campaign promise. for us, this is about keeping americans safe. URL 
the courage and sacrifices of our #powmia have shaped the fabric of our nation. URL 
we may never know the trials they endured, but we salute &amp; honor america’s #powmia heroes. URL 
#constitutionday2016: USER to deliver weekly gop address on a #betterway for the separation of powers. URL 
today, we remember the heroes who stepped up to serve our country and never came home. URL #powmia
the true measure of progressivism⟶ after 8 years of it, the vast majority of americans say we're on the wrong track. URL 
i appreciate USER bringing this timely bill to stop all #gitmo transfers to the floor. URL 
the #obamalegacy will include a #va that fails our #veterans. URL didn’t have to be that way.
the administration's continued policy of strategic patience with north korea clearly is not working. URL 
the administration should heed the will of the house and cease its planned transfers of #gitmo detainees. URL 
the news that 2 more former #gitmo detainees have returned to the fight underscores the need for this action. URL 
we’re offering a #betterway to fix the va, starting with real accountability &amp; an overhaul of the appeals process. URL 
this has been another good week for our #betterway agenda and the american people → URL 
every 109 seconds, another american becomes a victim of sexual assault. survivors deserve better under the law. URL 
happening now: my weekly press briefing. URL #betterway
tune in live to my weekly press briefing at 11:30am et → URL #betterway
breaking: the house just passed legislation to prohibit the transfer of any detainee from #gitmo. URL 
the $1.7b ransom payment to #iran sets a dangerous precedent that puts a price on the head of americans abroad. URL 
according to the dni, 30% of released #gitmo detainees return to terrorism. URL 
.USER chairman USER 's bill prohibits any cash payments of any kind to #iran illegal. URL 
we need to end political games and get serious about building a 21st century military. URL 
as the largest library in the world, the USER is a national treasure. URL 
our USER is an accomplished woman. i’m sure she’ll make all of us proud. URL 
mahalo, rep. takai. we are all proud to have served with you. URL 
to be honest, we never imagined legislation prohibiting cash payments to #iran would be necessary. now it is. URL 
#betterway = reasonable caps to lower health care costs &amp; make sure injured patients recover full medical costs. URL 
a reminder for the obama administration → we are at war with radical islamic terrorism. URL 
.USER 's bill will prevent the president from rushing through transfers of #gitmo detainees. URL 
dr. carla hayden is about to be sworn in as the 14th USER . watch the event live: URL 
i appreciated the opportunity to reaffirm our alliance with #korea. URL 
call it whatever you'd like—leverage, a settlement, a coincidence, or a quid pro quo. this was ransom. URL 
yes USER 👍💪✨ #drakevsbenchpress URL 
today is the day. go out and vote 🇺🇸 URL 
hi #1 USER URL 
feeling really honored... URL 
thanks USER , this is gonna be fun URL 
spending today with my family, thinking of those families who lost someone 15 years ago. we'll always remember. #neverforget911
sending my biggest congratulations to simone, aly, laurie, gabby and madison! you did it girls!! 🇺🇸  #finalfive
that moment when kanye west secretly records your phone call, then kim posts it on the internet. URL 
with a heavy heart... URL 
one of my favorite people in the world turns 30 today! i love you USER ❤️ URL 
dance like no one's watching USER URL 
really good times last night. 🎉 URL 
last night bmi gave me an award called the taylor swift award, which was very nice of them. URL 
woah thanks USER for the cover and theo wenner for taking this photo at met gala! what a night ✨ URL 
getting ready to go out… USER URL 
come to the party, they said  it will be fun, they said URL 
thank you so much for taking these sick photos and changing up my usual vibessss USER !! USER URL 
thank you USER for hanging out with me and USER at her wedding!! read his awesome vogue cover story:URL 
thanks USER ! i love this one. URL 
the best people in life are free.   #newromantics  URL 
what an unbelievable run we've had with 1989. i'm so grateful for all of these memories &amp; all of you. #iheartawards URL 
headed to the #iheartawards now!!
based on true events. #taylorvstreadmill  USER URL 
ground yourself. USER URL 
a devastating loss. USER URL 
easter egg battles 2016 USER URL 
happy birthday austin!!!!! thanks for 24 years of lols. USER URL 
so grateful and inspired today! take the pledge for parity at URL #happyinternationalwomensday URL 
i feel like we achieved our goal of looking like we're in a new primetime drama series called family secrets. URL 
i'm very happy to say the next single from 1989 will be 'new romantics'.
the moment it hits you. USER #grammys URL 
oh what a night. ⭐️ URL 
USER i glitter-bomb because i care.
bad blood just won a grammy for best music video and we are not ok. USER URL 
USER i am screaming
the making of the out of the woods video, directed by USER 🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲 URL 
coldplay mark ronson bruno mars beyoncé dance battle  fix you montage joyous finale oh my god it was so good i feel like i dreamed it
USER this is amazing!! i'm so honored that you would do this.
magic madness heaven sin  URL 
say you'll remember me.  URL 
she lost him  but she found herself  and somehow that was everything.   #ootwmusicvideo is now on USER URL 
"i just realized we got through christmas this year without listening to 'christmas lights' by coldplay and crying!"  -USER 
are we in the clear yet?  #ootwmusicvideo  premiering at 10:50pm est on abc USER URL 
are we out of the woods yet?  #ootwmusicvideo premieres tomorrow night on USER with USER ! URL 
you used to call me on my elf phone. URL 
performing with mary was a dream. thank you USER for this incredible moment you created in la. ❤️  URL 
i can't wait to show you the video for out of the woods! 🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲 it's premiering 12/31 on USER with USER . #ootwmusicvideo
it's here! #1989worldtourlive is now on USER ! URL 
this clip brought back so many amazing memories!!   i love you USER and USER ✨✨✨ URL 
celebrate with us december 20 on USER 🎉🎉🎉 #1989worldtourlive URL 
met up with USER to talk about #1989worldtourlive- airs tomorrow at 9am pst on USER URL 
thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. i have a little surprise for you. #1989worldtourlive USER URL 
today i begin my 26th year of freaking out over stuff. URL 
farewell, 1989 world tour. 💔❤️ URL 
the 1989 world tour is officially over, the most beautiful chapter in our story so far.. thanks to you.
can we get a selfie tho URL 
thank you, brisbane, for an epic night. you guys are incredible ❤️ URL 
me: please love me. kangaroo: no. URL 
making friends on hamilton island. URL 
swift family road trip! south island, nz  USER URL 
i love you, sydney. all 76,000 of you. URL 
praying for paris. our hearts are breaking for and with you. URL 
farewell, shanghai!!  💋 URL 
i loved playing shanghai last night-- so stoked to play 2 more shows here!! URL 
congratulations on your cma wins USER and USER !! sending you hugs from singapore 🏆🏆🏆🍾🍾🍾
sending congrats from singapore to nashville to my friends who won cmas tonight! USER 
elevator elsa!!! amazing. USER URL 
sharing a stage with USER and USER was the perfect way to end this amazing chapter. thanks ladies ☃💕 URL 
"the cold never bothered me anyway"  *quick change* USER #letitgo #1989tourtampa URL 
i honestly couldn't be more impressed by USER . 55,000 people and she was absolutely fearless. URL 
about to play the last show of the us 1989 tour.  feelings everywhere. #1989tourtampa
with every passing day, olivia looks less like a cat and more like a melting snowman.  happy #nationalcatday 🐱⛄️ URL 
this is one of my favorite covers i've heard of out of the woods-- amazing job USER 👑✨🎤  URL 
miami!!! what a night! thank you to our surprise guests USER , USER &amp; USER 🎉 #happybirthday1989 URL 
to celebrate #happybirthday1989, here's something from me.  out of the woods (solo acoustic piano performance) 🎹🌲🌲🌲🌲 URL 
1989 came out 1 year ago today. it's been the best year of my life. i love you guys. #happybirthday1989 URL 
wildest dreams just hit number one on top 40 radio! thank you so much for everything, guys. 🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾 USER 
"now if we're talkin body..." USER #1989touratlanta URL 
tonight was magical. USER was incredible. i ❤️ you atlanta. URL 
ooooooh ahhhhhhh  USER #1989tourgreensboro URL 
this is a video of USER sitting on a throne of men at #1989tourgreensboro 🔥🔥🔥 URL 
✨thanks lexington, ky!✨ #1989tourlexington URL 
one of my favorite people to ever have been interviewed by: USER URL 
60,000 people at  #1989tourarlington tonight. what a night ✨ URL 
what are you waiting for? USER URL 
band aids don't fix kitchen knife related injuries. URL 
thanks for the beach day, USER ☀️ URL 
so stoked about USER 's remix of wildest dreams!  URL 
tackling my former fear of horns, writing with magical USER , creating 'shake it off' &amp; 'clean':  URL USER 
the making of 'out of the woods' and 'i know places'.  URL 
brb i'll just be listening to 'hands to myself' all day and then forever.  love you so much USER #revival is out now!!!
behind the scenes of the 1989 world tour USER and USER in la at sound check  one of my favorite memories. URL 
i haven't opened up about making 1989 like this before.  thanks USER for the opportunity. URL 
my instagram just hit 50 million, thanks so much guys. though i'm pretty sure it's just because i have cute cats. 😸 URL 
thanks USER for my first cover :) URL 
meredith is allergic to joy. URL 
looking good, toronto.  all 50,000 of you. URL 
i love you USER !!! #boomclap #1989tourtoronto URL 
tonight USER played "john cougar, john deere, john 3:16" in toronto with us!! here's a pic from sound check: URL 
getting pirate ship/sword fight movie scene vibes from this orchestral version of bad blood and i'm happy about it.  URL 
live your dreams.   USER URL 
i loved getting to sing the fix &amp; hot in herre with USER ! what a way to end USER 's run on the 1989 tour🔥 URL 
"what?!"  USER #1989tourstlouis URL 
the highlight of our friendship thus far USER ps we love you USER #1989tourstlouis URL 
what the press says i'm doing: buying a bev hills mansion, getting married in an english castle  what i'm doing: playing a show in st. louis
why i like bringing out surprise special guests on tour: URL 
i can't  get no satisfaction   USER #1989tournashville URL 
sing   USER #1989tournashville URL 
oh my god USER sang 'bleeding love' tonight in nashville and i may never recover.  #1989tournashville URL 
*drops mic* 🎤 USER #1989tournashville URL 
breathtaking. regal. elegant. USER singing 'when you say nothing at all'. so blown away by her grace. URL 
singing 'i don't want to miss a thing' with USER was an honor. so inspired by how sweet he was to all of us. URL 
got to sing with my little sis  USER , tonight and she was charming and fantastic!!💗 #1989tournashville URL 
tonight is the premiere of USER so make sure to watch USER &amp; the rest of the amazing cast!🎶📺🌟 #empireseason2
i've always wanted to share a stage with USER and last night in kc, i got to! what a great guy. URL 
i honestly can't believe what i just saw. this amount of talent in one person has me speechless. i ❤️ USER URL 
finally got to meet dylan, the 7-yr-old who passionately danced to shake it off on USER -- and this happened. URL 
3 hours 38 minutes. URL 
my buddy USER was as magical and fantastic as always tonight in columbus! love her so much 💕💕💕 USER URL 
#ryanadams1989 is up for pre-order on itunes, so let's act accordingly. 🎧 URL 
woah just took a shower in my full show make up and then looked in the mirror and this girl made a reappearance. URL 
ryan's music helped shape my songwriting. this is surreal and dreamlike.  countdown to #ryanadams1989 USER URL 
i. love. this. i. love. USER 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 URL 
amazing video, USER and seriously what is it like petting a baby cheetah i really need to know URL 
USER i want that very very badly. listening to sugarbaby right now in honor of this generous offer &amp;dreaming about my new shirt.
"so put on your best, boys.  and i'll wear my pearls..." USER #1989tourindy URL 
this is so nice!!!!!! smiling so big after watching this video:  URL 
thank you so much USER for surprising the indy crowd with "if i die young"! love you guys!! URL 
i've got 'stand by you' by USER on repeat today. i highly recommend it.  🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 URL 
finally saw love and mercy! such an incredible story and moving performances by USER , USER , paul dano, and paul giamatti.👏
what an unbelievable crowd tonight in st. paul!! and it was so cool playing 'love story' on its 7th anniversary. 💗 URL 
when they overnight you an emmy  i did not know this was a thing URL 
st. paul, minnesota all lit up and magical. night 1 of 3. #1989tourstpaul URL 
i remember being in 5th grade,wondering why all of my teachers were crying. sending love to anyone who lost someone on sept 11. #neverforget
USER 1. wakes up 2. reads this 3. thinks it's a prank 4. calls everyone to check 5. it's real 6. 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
soundcheck🎤 #1989tourhouston  #wizkhalifa URL 
sparks flying during #seeyouagain: URL 
"that bond will never be broken and the love will never get lost."  #1989tourhouston  #seeyouagain  #wizkhalifa URL 
update: no fire. still in my robe.  #1989tourhouston
a fire alarm is going off in the stadium and we don't know what to do. URL 
USER look at us sitting next to each other like that 💗💗💗💗 URL 
go USER wild is stunning and awesome.  (yes caps lock is necessary here.)   #epgoals
someone knitted this sweater of a polaroid of me and gave it to my mom at the show.  thank you, mysterious knitter. URL 
had the best time in salt lake city last night and denver tonight. see you tomorrow for night 2, denver! URL 
awww kanye sent me the coolest flowers!! #kantay2020 #bffs URL 
happy birthday to the life of the party, USER ! 💋💋💋💋💋 #happybdaybey URL 
after just a few listens through the four pink walls ep, my 💗 belongs to USER .  #fourpinkwalls
USER love you so much. 💗
i love you. #vma URL 
nothing says 'turnt' like USER :) :) :) URL 
thank you guys we are freaking out URL 
#wildestdreams is out. URL 
#wildestdreams #vma pre-show soooooon
headed to red carpet.... #vmas #squadup URL 
when you realize #wildestdreamstoday !!!!!!!! URL 
sunbathing in san diego. URL 
you looked beautiful tonight. #1989toursandiego   photo: andistoodtherelovingyou on tumblr URL 
so incredible sharing the stage with USER ! 'complicated' is such a brilliant pop song and i just love her. URL 
thank you USER for singing 'cheerleader' tonight in san diego!! you're amazing :) #1989toursandiego URL 
behold, the jt butt-slap.  ...also known as the greatest moment of paul's life. USER URL 
say you'll remember me standing in a nice dress staring at the sunset, babe  #wildestdreamsmusicvideo USER URL 
pre-show huddle with USER photo credit: USER URL 
"you have to really feel the lyrics." -getting schooled by USER URL 
never thought i'd say this but "smelly cat" was on my set list last night. USER , you are the greatest. URL 
unforgettable night thanks to that la crowd..... and USER . URL 
sisterhood. USER #1989tourla URL 
justin timberlake.  mid-mic drop. #1989tourla  USER URL 
there is nothing cooler than USER soloing while pyro goes off in the background.  #1989tourla URL 
i heard USER and chrissy were on the way to the show &amp; called and asked if john felt like playing 'all of me': URL 
getting to play 'dreams' with USER and USER is something i'll remember forever. i can't even express it. URL 
USER oh my god!! you can come to any show any time! bring your daughter and her friends and call it a girls night. dm me!
tonight. 'you oughta know'. USER . i don't know how to process how amazing she was. just absolutely magnificent. URL 
i used to sing dixie chicks songs at every talent show. singing 'goodbye earl' with natalie tonight was unbelievable. URL 
when USER walks out in a more sparkly outfit than yours and a tutu URL #1989tourla URL 
wildest dreams music video preview. full video debuts vma night. get ready. #wildestdreamsmusicvideo URL 
when USER absolutely shut down USER and played not one, but two songs. i love her so much. unreal. URL 
when sean o'pry, chris rock, and matt leblanc walked out and the crowd went crazy. #1989tourlosangeles URL 
that moment when USER comes out and sings 'white horse' and makes everyone in the arena fall in love with her: URL 
getting ready to make some more memories tonight at USER !  #1989tourlosangeles URL 
it was a beautiful night in los angeles. thank you USER , ryan tedder USER , USER &amp; the fans! URL 
tonight USER surprised me with a banner in USER for the most sold out shows. you did that. love you URL 
getting ready to play 5 shows at staples center in la this week and reminiscing about what my gigs used to be like. URL 
USER i'm watching your show right now
USER i have to give you a hug for that beautiful piano medley you did! please come to a show on my tour and say hi to me? my treat.
toshi hangs with fans every show (URL ) and he makes my life brighter. happy bday USER ! URL 
one year ago today, 'shake it off' was released and i told you my album would be called 1989. just.... thank you. for everything.
glendale, az = magical crowd URL 
tonight joan baez and julia roberts danced it out to 'style'. these two women are my heroes. what an honor. URL 
little mix!! love these girls!!  they smashed it tonight in front of 50,000 screaming fans. amazing. USER URL 
so excited to play here again tonight! #1989toursantaclara  night 2!! URL 
i want to be in fifth harmony. URL 
can't wait to see USER tomorrow and tell him how sick this is. the performers on this tour blow my mind. URL 
happy birthday to cheeky, charming USER - who lights up my life..and regularly steals my phone &amp; does this: URL 
you seem stressed. URL 
and now treat your ears to the vocal event of the year, USER &amp; USER gloriously covering 'bad blood'. URL 
"cause baby i could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me" -a line from new romantics  but i'm not actually buying a castle.
absolutely floored by these domino skills and really flattered that someone would do this. URL 
last night's crowd was breathtaking.   (found this on USER 's instagram- thanks girl) URL 
"when you've got two individuals that love music, magic happens." USER URL 
no big deal just the happiest moment of my life to date  USER URL 
fetty wap.  trap queen.  seattle.  60,000 ppl. oh my god.  USER thank you so much for coming!! unreal!! URL 
that seattle crowd went absolutely insane when USER and USER walked out!! i loved tonight. URL 
coming home to mixed reactions - a short film URL 
USER cool i'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight or ever again and i'm going to celebrate today every year as a holiday. i'm calm
USER is this true??????? i will pass out.
"it's a little invention i made earlier..." mother chucker USER URL 
just wanted to let you know that the next single from 1989 will be...........  wildest dreams.
"then the dog would bark next to me and i'd just crack up after we'd cut." slay-z USER URL 
my USER cover!! including lots of real talk with brilliant USER photos by the incredible USER . URL 
permission granted, USER . good luck with your opening night :)
some of my best times are with her, laughing in the kitchen. happy birthday to the ray of light that is USER ! URL 
"i'm selena and i'm the villain." arsyn. USER URL 
"my name in the video is destructa x, which i think is perfect for me."  USER URL 
"i gave her the nod of approval."  justice. USER URL 
i'm obsessed with USER &amp; so was that vancouver crowd! such dynamic performers &amp; so down to earth. fangirling! URL 
"cut-throat! yes. perfect." USER URL 
"i am martha hunt, better known as home slice."  USER URL 
"my character is... actually there are three of me." the trinity. USER URL 
"we taught taylor how to be a spy."  -luna USER URL 
"i'm playing domino, the motorcycle expert." USER URL 
fun fact: i didn't know how to post videos directly to twitter a few days ago. let's review: frostbyte USER URL 
"my character... she is the crimson curse." USER URL 
"we just came up with my name: knockout." USER don't forget to vote for vmas! URL 
"your little hand's wrapped around my finger and it's so quiet in the world tonight..." URL 
meeting my boy:) USER URL 
"so i'm ready..." -dilemma  behind the scenes of the bad blood music video with USER URL 
bad blood is #1 at pop radio for a 6th week! to celebrate, i'll be posting behind the scenes videos: USER URL 
kelly clarkson covered blank space and yes. URL 
and... USER they're such a huge part of why this tour has been so magical.
just wanted to shout them out today because they're incredible. USER 
every time we have a surprise guest artist on tour, my band learns to play the artist's song.. sometimes with very little time to prep.
i love you guys. see you next time, boston. #1989tourfoxborough URL 
tonight was epic! USER showed up and 60,000 people sang every word to 'classic' with us! they're insane live!! URL 
hey boston :) #1989tourfoxborough URL 
thanks USER for surprising the boston crowd with 'shut up and dance'!!! 60,000 person dance party. URL 
foxboro, ma -gillette stadium night 1!! so stoked to play. and if it rains, we've done this before, haven't we boston URL 
john green is my favorite writer and USER are some of my favorite people. can't wait to see paper towns.
i thought i was being called out. i missed the point, i misunderstood, then misspoke. i'm sorry, nicki. USER 
happy 23rd birthday, USER . i can't believe it's been 7 years since we met!! i love you so much, always. URL 
USER if i win, please come up with me!! you're invited to any stage i'm ever on.
USER i've done nothing but love &amp; support you. it's unlike you to pit women against each other. maybe one of the men took your slot..
how i felt after finding out bad blood feat USER is #1 at pop radio for a 5th week: URL 
here's a video from my first day of fight training for bad blood. thanks again for the 9 vma nominations!! USER URL 
guys!! you got bad blood nominated for video of the year at the vma's!! vote here pleeeeease?  URL 
a huge thank you to USER for surprising the crowd with 'take your time'. such a star. #1989tourchicago URL 
tonight USER and USER shut down the runway. crowd went insane!!  #1989tourchicago URL 
absolutely amazing crowd tonight! thank you USER and USER for performing with me! #1989tourchicago URL 
USER go read gaga's tweet that she sent me a few months ago. it's good love luck. because it's not a tweet.  it's a magical spell.
thanks for reciting my lyrics, USER and USER ! you've made my day. you two are ultimate squad goals: URL 
i got to sing my fav summer jam 'want to want me' with USER in dc-i'm also loving his new single 'cheyenne'! URL 
due to this sketchy weather situation in dc, i'm not sure what time i'll be going on tonight. you might want to get here early.
when your friend flies across the world to surprise your crowd with 'royals' bc she's a wondrous angel. USER URL 
never change, mike the weather man.  never change.  URL #1989tourwashingtondc
i feel all the feelings now.  USER URL 
joyful joyfulness brought to you by USER and USER : URL 
woah. #1989toureastrutherford night 2 URL 
when USER walked out, it provoked one of the loudest screams from the crowd i've ever heard. i just love herrrrr URL 
i adore these girls.  USER URL 
last night the incredible USER sang 'jealous' and 60,000 people sang it with us/screamed uncontrollably. URL 
thank you for tonight. #1989toureastrutherford URL 
got to welcome the u.s. women's soccer team home after their world cup victory- i love them and they are the nicest. URL 
i was so honored to share the stage with USER tonight- ps his new album is up for pre order now get it guys URL 
"if you're lost, you can look and you will find me.. haim after haim...."  #haimjoinsthe1989worldtour
you're amazing, USER . love this, USER ! URL 
back on the road! insane crowd in ottawa tonight! #1989tourottawa URL 
i eat bad blood for breakfast w/ quentin johnston  taylor swift (vine by USER ) URL 
the blank space video just became the fastest to hit 1 billion views on USER &amp; bad blood is #1 at pop radio for a 3rd week. thanks guys!!!
when USER shows up for the 4th of july in a red coat because he just can't let it go. URL 
happy 4th from me, USER and USER :) URL 
little known fact: karlie is secretly an unofficial historian/london tour guide. kind of. URL 
USER i'm really sorry you missed it but if you can get to dublin i'll buy you tickets! sorry to hear about the travel nightmare. :(
thank you london. USER URL 
"and you can want who you want... boys and boys and girls and girls."  #lovewins #finally
remembering this incredible manchester crowd from the other night, and getting all excited for hyde park tomorrow. URL 
our bad blood fight faces get dumber and dumber every night. example: USER URL 
this is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. thank you, apple, for your change of heart.
in case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen apple do with other artists, it's not.
after the events of this week, i've decided to put 1989 on apple music...and happily so.
and here we have curt, demonstrating the newly mandated male dress code for the 1989 world tour. URL 
manchester!!!  i loved hanging out with you tonight!! (thirteenlegohouses on tumblr took this.) URL 
i've seen a lot of breathtaking crowds this year but i wish i could've seen this one in person. #charleston #peace URL 
judging by the pictures on tumblr and instagram of outfits and signs people have made.. i'd say manchester is ready for the show tonight!!
what my camera roll looks like cause i'm a lurker. URL 
i love my job.  URL 
i have so much mad love for pop radio! bad blood just became the 4th single off of 1989 to go #1!! stoked to share this with  USER 
i am elated and relieved. thank you for your words of support today. they listened to us.
tonight's crowd in amsterdam was one i'll never forget. dancing, jumping, screaming, singing, chanting... i'll definitely be back. love you.
to apple, love taylor  URL 
tonight was a dream, cologne. thank you for 2 magical nights.  URL 
it's the beautiful USER 's  birthday today!! i'll be dancing in your honor onstage in germany tonight! URL 
USER this misleading headline and your choice of words in labeling me are why we need feminism in 2015. URL 
trouble trouble trouble... #1989tourcologne URL 
i knew the europe crowds would be amazing when USER &amp; USER texted me pics of these bad blood costumes: URL 
guys, on 6/22 USER is releasing my favorite thing she's ever done. let's all get ready: URL 
woah cologne you're so pretty  #1989tourcologne URL 
cologne was amazing tonight! so incredible to be back in germany!!  #1989tourcologne  URL 
i released my first single 9 years ago today.
plane landed, turned on my phone, and my heart dropped to the floor.  charleston... this is an unbearable loss of lives and innocence.
happy birthday to USER , one of the most talented and grounded people i've met in my life. URL 
at the airport about to leave for europe, listening to 'see you again' and thinking about how much i'll miss my cats. URL 
just checking to make sure everyone is excited and prepared for the national holiday tomorrow aka kendrick lamar's birthday.
i don't see a way for me to process all of the tiny animal related cuteness that has occurred today. i mean look: URL 
the whole team. USER URL 
so just took a red eye and threw jaime a baby shower. here's photo evidence:  USER URL 
everyone screamed so loud when USER came out during style, i'm considering just taking her on tour with me. #queenmariska #justice
a huge highlight of the #1989worldtour was singing fight song with the beautiful and perfect USER tonight. URL 
the cutest bffs on the #1989worldtour are these two: USER and USER URL 
dancer spotlight: USER does the most insane flips and tricks during our show. i'm so lucky to have him.   URL 
just a reminder that 1989 came out in october and you are still doing this and i love you URL 
echosmith sang cool kids with me in philly yesssss #1989tourphilly   USER URL 
what even happened tonight in philly USER URL #1989tourphilly
what even happened tonight in philly USER #1989tourphilly   URL 
stadium vibes before night 1 of  #1989tourphilly  URL 
i'm not crying, you are.  USER #proudofyou URL 
USER saw you in my mentions &amp; wanted to let you know that your chocolate chip cookie recipe was a real turning point in my life.
just an update that USER 's facial expressions are officially my new fav part of the show. URL 
annnnddddd thank you raleigh! #1989tourraleigh URL 
i love you cinnaminson high school URL 
the arena made this collage of fan pics :) i always feel so at home here because of how thoughtful the people are. URL 
tonight is #1989tourraleigh!! loving being in nc.
i took a photo of my favorite people--they were laughing so hard, the lens couldn't capture it fast enough.  URL 
yesssss USER finally got to see the final result of the music we've made tonight!!  URL 
thank you for an epic monday night, charlotte!  #1989tourcharlotte URL 
every night during 'bad blood', the face USER makes gets worse and worse/better and better. URL 
so excited for #1989tourcharlotte tonight!!!
USER i'm so proud of you, always. but especially today.   "she will need her sisterhood."
thank you pittsburgh. check out how beautiful 55,000 of you were tonight. #1989tourpittsburgh URL 
is this real life though? #1989tourpittsburgh  URL 
tonight my friends USER surprised the #1989tourpittsburgh crowd with 'pontoon' and it was so much fun!! URL 
getting ready for #1989tourpittsburgh !!!!! back in the home state
cleveland crowd was amazing. #1989tourcleveland URL 
backstage getting ready for #1989tourcleveland tonight!
bye louisville. love you.  #1989tourlouisville URL 
so excited for #1989tourlouisville tonight!!!!!
thank you again USER for coming to detroit. you're incredible.  here's video of radioactive: USER URL 
gigi! (aka slay-z)  #1989tourdetroit URL 
when the #1989tourdetroit turned into a fashion show thanks to USER and USER .. URL 
when two of your best friends strut the runway with you during 'style'...  USER URL 
USER i was too excited
tonight dan reynolds from USER surprised the detroit crowd with 'radioactive' and we all raged like:  URL 
detroit, look who tagged along! USER #1989tourdetroit URL 
see you tonight, detroit! #1989tourdetroit URL 
this is unreal. i'm so happy they're okay.  URL 
having a USER hot 100 #1 with USER is too exciting for me to even process. look what you guys did.  URL 
1989 world tour dancer spotlight: USER 's powerful performance of 'the high note in wonderland'. URL 
so USER #bigweekend was amazing! insane crowd! can't wait to be back in the uk for our hyde park show next month:) URL 
hi england. hoping for a dancy crowd tonight at USER #bigweekend in norwich!
hahaha this is genius.  i'm usually getting that exact look from my friends. URL 
thank you, baton rouge!!! you were amazing. and you looked like this: URL 
so USER just made my night...... URL 
"hahah it really does sound like starbucks lovers..." -my mom just now who is supposed to be on my side   smh.
tonight we play tiger stadium in baton rouge, louisiana. we also welcome to the 1989 tour... my friendes, USER .  #1989worldtour
girls, this is crazy. thank you so much USER #24hrvevorecord
thank you so much USER #24hrvevorecord
i'll never be able to thank you enough, USER 
freaking out right now you broke the vevo world record   thank you   URL #24hrvevorecord  #badbloodmusicvideo
this night is sparkling. don't you let it go. URL #1989tourbossiercity
thanks bossier city, louisiana. love you. #1989worldtour URL 
so excited to be officially starting the 1989 world tour us leg tonight in bossier city, la! USER is sound checking right now!!!
look USER !! URL 
USER so blown away by this. amazing.
really stoked about this whole #1 on the maxim hot list situation. thank you USER :) URL 
last night was a dream sequence. i never forget that you're the reason my life is like this. thank you for all of it. URL 
mad love   USER URL 
go to 1:42 of the #badbloodmusicvideo to see the take i got right.  URL this was the fail take: URL 
after we wrapped. #badbloodmusicvideo  USER URL 
t minus one hour  #badbloodmusicvideo   here with USER 
tonight.  #badbloodmusicvideo  world premiere opening the USER at 8/7ct on the on USER !
meet arsyn.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
the next and final poster released will reveal the lead actress in the #badbloodmusicvideo. it's sure to start some fires...🔥
USER sydney!! i wish i would've gotten to say hi last night. love you guys
catastrophe vs homeslice  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
USER i actually cannot stop unintentionally matching with my friends. look at us wearing dark blue like that.
playing my alien space piano at rock in rio tonight.  photo by: USER 's iphone URL 
meet headmistress.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
celebrating 3 years of USER in ma life URL 
meet mother chucker.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet justice.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet luna.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
drinks among assassins. URL 
catastrophe vs. knockout   #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet homeslice.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet domino.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet dilemma.   USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet knockout.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet welvin da great.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
fun fact about #badbloodmusicvideo:   each individual actor/actress chose their character's name and persona.   *😺catastrophe😺*
meet lucky fiori.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet the trinity.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet destructa x.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet slay-z.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet the crimson curse.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet cut-throat.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet frostbyte.  USER #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
meet catastrophe.  #badbloodmusicvideo URL 
i was so happy tonight. see you next time, tokyo. next up, we bring the whole '89 show to rockin rio in vegas..... URL 
there have been so many amazing covers of 1989 songs...  i'm going to be bold enough to say this one is my favorite. URL 
the 1989 world tour has officially started.  i love you. i love you. i love you.
that. crowd. that crowd. #1989tourtokyo  URL 
walking to the stage..... #1989tourtokyo
USER dude come to the show!! i'll get you tickets, i know a guy.
tokyo.. we're so excited to see you, we went to the stadium tonight to watch the stage get built. see you tomorrow:) URL 
never not rhyming with USER URL 
i feel so lucky to get to perform alongside people who love it this much. URL #1989worldtour
real love. USER URL 
USER yes! i loved it, and i adore your music. can't wait to come see a show. let me know if you'd ever like to come to one of mine!
sheep are rude. URL 
it's martha's birthday and still technically gigi's birthday week! wish i was with them! USER URL 
living with roosters  a documentary URL 
the 10 women who changed my life  USER URL 
a sneak peak into my guest edited issue of USER . my women of tomorrow: URL 
i got to be the editor for glamour uk this month. it was so much fun writing  these pieces.  URL 
it's both USER and USER 's birthday today-- i adore these girls and i'm so happy they were born. #squad
living with meerkats - a documentary URL 
so excited to see my 1989 world tour-mate USER 's album handwritten at #1 on itunes!!!
just so you know...  URL 
you guys have really outdone yourselves with this whole '14 billboard nominations' situation we've got going on here...
media, when you say "lorde &amp; taylor are fighting"-by fighting do you mean "facetiming constantly from us to nz and loling at you"? thnx bye
USER , i'll never be able to thank you enough for showing up to surprise abigail. thank you for caring so much about your fans.
the surprise - the finale  USER URL 
the surprise - part two  USER URL 
the surprise - part one  USER URL 
well that escalated quickly. URL 
celebrating 25 years of abigail being alive and 10 yrs of being her best friend! with USER URL 
ellen i am cackling  USER URL 
for the next 24 hours, trust no one.   *locks self in kitchen cabinet*
happy birthday, USER ! may you always keep your youthful enthusiasm showcased in this photo. URL 
omg jack you just turned 31 on the 31st! and 31 is basically just 13 backwards. and 13 is my lucky number! see how i made that about me?!
when 'worth it' comes on USER and you're in the car with USER .... and all chill is lost. URL 
style is #1 on pop radio for the 3rd week in a row!!!  guess you could say this feeling 'never goes out of style'....... god, i'm annoying.
living proof that you can be the USER music awards artist of the year and also a super embarrassing person! URL 
i might be okay but i'm not fine at all. #myfangirllife  #taylorandmadonna URL 
"when it all falls down, we'll be two souls in a ghost town.."  *ugly cries forever*  #madonnaandtaylor URL 
getting ready for the #iheartawards!!! live on nbc at 8et squad members in attendance: USER 
me when ellie's on the radio: URL 
when you're at rehearsal and the door just can't even.  URL 
we look over and dixie is hugging olivia, in this long kitten/toddler embrace... USER URL 
when that new kendrick comes on: URL 
you know what they say, girls wearing feathers flock together! wait no one says that.  USER URL 
USER this tweet explains why we are so close.
USER your american accent 👏👏👏👏👏👏
omigod. 'style' just went number one at pop radio.  thanks for 3 in a row, guys.  this is unreal.
50 days until the 1989 world tour kicks off, no big deal.
kendrick put his album out early.  no one touch me.  USER 
great work meredith i was just trying to love you and now you owe me 40 million dollars URL 
real friends are the ones who walk into your house and go get snacks out of the pantry without asking. happy birthday, este! USER 
driving around with the USER ep on repeat.. so lovely:) #yeahboy #lovemelikeyoumeanit
we are at our best when we cheer each other on and build each other up.  happy international women's day. URL 
happy birthday, dad. thanks for all the unconditional love, sarcastic comments, and interesting christmas presents. URL 
i woke up like thissssssss  (with a cat on me) URL 
new romantics is finally on itunes!!!!!!!!!
this is the best thing i have ever seen. URL 
guess who just got named godmother of this little one.... (me) USER URL 
is it just me or is lady gaga, like, fully living right now?!? #goals
the look on someone's face when they're doing what they love is contagious and inspiring. so beautiful, ps22 chorus.  URL 
i don't understand this odd dress debate and i feel like it's a trick somehow.  i'm confused and scared. ps it's obviously blue and black
kissing my love at the USER part iii URL 
kissing my love at the USER part ii URL 
kissing my love at the USER part i URL 
i had the best time opening the brit awards with this performance!! honestly, just such an amazing night. URL 
my first brit award omgzzzz URL 
cause we never go  out of  (elle)  style  (awards).....  USER URL 
lads. teddysphotos nicholasgrimshaw URL 
#innit trend that URL 
you understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars, and why i've spent my whole life trying to put it into words...
and so it goes, you two are dancing in a snow globe round and round. and he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown.
a song i wrote with USER called 'you are in love' is finally up on USER !!!!
we wrote 'style' exactly a year ago. max, the guy flexin on the right, just won producer of the year at the grammys. URL 
this wasn't a pre tape, it was all done live. i haven't changed clothes that fast since the tour ended. USER URL 
i felt very lucky to be at the oscar de la renta show today. it was comforting to be in a room of… URL 
watch USER and me get dancy and sporty tonight to celebrate the one year anniversary of USER !! so excited about this!!
life was never worse, but never better...
so we decided to release the 1989 deluxe bonus songs on USER ! tonight the first one, "wonderland", is out. like right now
spontaneous moments like this are what keep me falling back in love with music over and over again.… URL 
of course the coolest moment of my life happens and i can't figure out how to flip the video the right… URL 
yeah i will. USER URL 
sending my love to all the lonely starbucks lovers out there this valentine's day.....even though that is not the correct lyric.
i just want to spend my life showing the people i love how much i love them. URL 
when i want to go looking for wild desert kittens but karlie is busy 'reading' and 'studying for nyu'. URL 
directed by the amazing USER starring USER (who has 2 different colored eyes)  #stylemusicvideo   URL 
just found out that in 3.5 months, 1989 has now outsold red (which has been out for over 2 years) and i think that's pretty cool guys
style music video. friday. #feb13style URL 
madonna is now a person i've met. #thegrammys
USER how am i supposed to handle this i cant walk the red carpet spazzing out like this. producer of the year, max
USER i need!!!! to !!!! calm down!!!! i can't calm down.
USER im not crying im not crying im not crying  *cries*
USER i'm screeching in my hotel room oh my god hayley
this was abigail and me in 2005, sophomore year. expect to see similar facial expressions tonight. USER URL 
my date to USER is........  USER !!!! we'll try to dress as well in 2015 as we did in 2005. #getready URL 
went to the grammy museum in la to see the exhibit they did on ma life. my behavior was as… URL 
guys...thank you so much for giving 1989 a 10th weeek at #1!! woke up with the biggest smile on my face thinking about the year ahead of us.
mcdonalds why would you do that to me i wasnt ready
oh. my. god.  therealmariskahargitay's photo URL 
check here for dates URL meanwhile i'll be doing a celebratory friendship dance to 'forever'. URL 
the girls and i got to talking and i'm overjoyed to announce that USER will be joining the 1989 world tour!! touring w/ squad yessss
happy birthday, USER ! thank you for your music, comedy, daaaahncing, songwriting, and for taking this selfie: URL 
ps any hackers saying they have 'nudes'? psssh you'd love that wouldn't you! have fun photoshopping cause you got nothing.
i'd like to acknowledge the mvp of the day, USER , for being the first to text me about the hack this morning. #friendshipgoals
cause the hackers gonna hack, hack, hack, hack, hack...
"i try to be available for life to happen to me." -bill murray  USER URL 
whale squad, adventures on the open ocean. URL 
"she's always wearing, like, a 1950's bathing suit." URL 
yes whale. USER URL 
when we were whale watching and didn't see whales for 5 minutes and go all moody. USER URL 
este-back ride. USER URL 
hiking with the squad in hawaii. USER URL 
greetings from maui! USER URL 
it's been a year since ryan tedder and i wrote 'they are the hunters. we are the foxes. and we run!'  #iknowplaces URL 
you tell those haters girl. URL 
so 'electric love' by børns sounds like an instant classic to me..... #justsayingggg garrettborns URL 
remembering his beautiful words on #mlkday URL 
i didn't get the 'let's all wear black' memo. USER URL 
lolololol the sass URL 
cooking all day with USER URL 
kar and mar. USER URL 
cold new york. hot tea. USER URL 
so excited about the USER nomination!! can't wait to get back to london, but then again i always can't wait to get back to london.
pretty obsessed with sarabareilles's video URL 
jack and i went back to the birthplace of 1989 and simply rejoiced. USER URL 
scott swift, the newest member of USER . URL 
wandering around catalina with my favorite people to wander around with. USER … URL 
clear blue water... URL 
USER having a writer like you to look up to makes my life better on a daily basis. so happy you like 1989. ((squeals with joy)) ❤️
grab your passport  ..and my hand. URL 
USER congratulations you crazy kids!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i can't thank you enough for making 1989 the best selling album of 2014. now lets go celebrate! see you on abc USER tonight!
i experienced so many moments of true love this year, and all of them were with you. here's to more magic in 2015. URL 
i decided today that when my friends' children come over, i'll feed them chocolate chips and let them… URL 
me watching maze runner= screaming in terror during action scenes or crying all proud of the kid from love actually. there is no in between.
she was completely exhausted from all the other naps she had taken that day. URL 
not that giving christmas presents is a competition, but this year, my mom won. URL 
my dad just gave me ten lint rollers for christmas, not for lint but 'because you always have glitter all over you'. great start, swifts.
baby, we're the new romantics. the best people in life are free. URL 
my cats wish they had thumbs so bad. i see them staring at mine like all jealous. URL 
tonight austin said we should all open 1 early xmas gift- i saw it was a nerf gun as i got hit with the first shot. then the battle began.
maybe i'm being overly sensitive here but this seems kind of mean. #shakeitoff URL 
my favorite covers are the ones where the artist has made it their own, changing the way the song makes you feel. URL 
'i'm meeting my friend here. she's probably sitting in a corner and wearing a cape' -me locating USER in a cafe  ps she was &amp; she was
i love this so much! USER URL 
happy birthday USER !so happy i got to watch you blow out your candles while you were singing a scandalous/perfect rap song. as you do.
i just want to thank anyone who wished me happiness today. you're my friend. these are my friends. and i'm so lucky. URL 
when you're making wish, but you already have all you really need standing around you. URL 
my birthday present from lenadunham my new most cherished possession. URL 
so this is being 25.....  #what #bestbirthdayever URL 
this is my last tweet as a 24-year-old.  #casual
USER i love you like a love song beh-bee
plotting, planning, hustling since 1989. URL 
meredith is so utterly bored by my christmas cheer. URL 
me and USER at billboard's woman of the year event in nyc, right before she announced me and… URL 
aretha franklin just sang 'happy birthday' to me and it will take me decades to recover. #goals
uh oh  look what i did. URL 
got to see emma kill it in cabaret last night! every new project she takes on is even more excellent… URL 
the USER fashion show airs tonight at 10/9 central on cbs.  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who wore it better?  (paddington obvs) URL 
a gif depicting rare footage of how ed and i get all pumped up to go onstage: URL 
anddddd *swoon* URL #vsfs2014
as my 25th birthday present from the media, i'd like for you to stop accusing all my friends of dating me.  #thirsty
yes yes yes this therealsarahhyland's video URL 
good night, london... miss you already. URL 
i close my eyes and the flashback starts... URL 
london, thanks for dancing with me tonight under confetti. URL 
about ready to go on at USER jingle bell ball- the voice is feeling hella bad but i'm here and ready to party/sound like a frog.
i'm about to go onstage at USER #kiisjingleball in la. fun fact: i have a wicked case of laryngitis. this should be interesting!
a song i wrote about shaking off things that don't matter just got nominated for 3 grammys, including record and song of the year. guys.
so proud of these girls, 3 for killing it at the victoria's secret fashion show (USER … URL 
i'm in love with USER and USER URL 
thanks billboard. also thanks, you. (does dorky celebratory dance then trips over a cat toy) URL 
missing the vs show. URL 
when you get to see your best friend kill it at her job. USER URL 
tuesday was totally casual. URL 
oh my god she couldn't be cuter. arianagrande URL 
or maybe even............ #vsfashionshow URL 
wonder what i'll be singing at the vs fashion show tomorrow... URL 
USER if i'm hearing you correctly, what you're saying is that you'd like to be twitter bffs. i accept your implied request. 😺
casually giving lily's rock hard abs a hug last night. USER angelcandice URL 
USER 🐱 forgot to mention, congrats on the 🏆 the other night at the 🇺🇸🎶🏆's!  i was like 👯💃👏👏👏👏👏
help USER i am convulsively sobbing and can't stop  URL 
it feels like one of those nights... URL 
USER well i was late retweeting you. call it even?
my cousin danny and i, exhibiting fearless fashion and bold taste in hats. URL 
brooklyn duo did a cover of blank space that makes it sound like a song people should walk down the aisle to. URL 
2009 and 2014 happy thanksgiving from the swifts (and also the cousins who have other last names) URL 
just sitting in the kitchen with my family and USER was on &amp; these amazing cheerleaders started dancing to shake it off= the dream
austin playing with drones in the house is not a fun or safe thanksgiving activity URL 
i'm thankful for this car full of cousins. USER #thanxgiving URL 
this was what happened when lena and i found out that there is a rap song called 'lena… URL 
any questions or requests can be directed to my manager, USER . URL lolz.
this is a very shiny skirt. URL 
this photo's like  "what'd i miss? did i miss it? guys?"  ~asos magazine~ URL 
sarah--i love you so much, we celebrated your birthday twice. #goals URL 
ahahaha karlie!! URL USER 
the rest of the world was black and white, but we were in screaming color. USER URL 
yes selenagomez's photo URL 
#blankspace performance tonight on the #amas!!!!!!! it's gonna be crazy. no like, actually crazy.
the whole team at therealsarahhyland's 24th birthday soirée last night. URL 
i love this cover of style so much.  URL 
yeah you wanna find love, then you know where the city is. USER #the1975 URL 
the 1975 at the palladium. USER URL 
"i know what i'm doin baabe talkin bout a revolution .....there it is"  (thrashes uncontrollably)  USER 
happy birthday to the most effortlessly beautiful woman i've ever met.  USER URL 
rhnjhghdfvhjoiytdfbjjn  i'm fine.  URL 
cracking up at lucyhale's photo URL 
USER i was so excited about your tweet that i called my mom and also did a reading of it for the cats. please still like me.
it takes a while to actually comprehend something like this. it's one of my favorite covers and… URL 
drove back into the city listening to USER 'santa barbara' cause it's like a combo of bon iver and the way christmas time should feel.
these are 2 of the greatest girls and i'm still laughing from tonight. URL 
i think the greatest moment of USER 's performance in blank space is at 2:08. tell me your fav sean moments?!? URL 
this q&amp;a situation right now. 🎅 URL 
tomorrow i'll be on USER because USER and i have something insanely cool to tell you about regarding the #blankspaceexperience!
i could show you incredible things.  URL edit credit goes to dailynarnia URL 
guys.  blank space music video directed by USER co-starring USER URL #blankspacemusicvideo
a sneak peak at the official "shake it off" choreography for the 1989 world tour: URL 
it's ella's 18th birthday technically but we all know she's really 300 and knows all the secrets of… URL 
here's a pic of hilary duff quoting my lyrics on instagram and generally just being the cutest person in history. URL 
you've got to fight for your right to party. #japan URL 
the last time an album sold as many copies as 1989 did first week, it was 2002, i was 12, and going… URL 
industry experts predicted 1989 would sell 650k first week. you went and bought 1.287 million albums.… URL 
so yeah, #the1989worldtour is happening!! go to URL for details. i cannot wait!  URL 
what a beautiful week. night guys 😘 URL 
she's USER if you want to go tell her how cute she is and how precocious and dancy her baby already is.  i'm not crying i'm not crying
you guys jencita's unborn baby is dancing to blank space in this video and i cannot calm down about it.   URL 
today hillary's pug dressed up in its christmas best and bought #ts1989.   fyi: hil is mountainswemoved on tumblr. URL 
in silent screams, in wildest dreams, i never dreamed of this.  URL #taylurking  #ts1989 URL 
when i was drowning  that's when i could finally breathe.  #ts1989  #taylurking  URL 
oh, you got that james dean daydream  look in your eye...  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
look at that face... 😍  #ts1989  #taylurking  URL 
saw you there and i thought  oh  my  god.  URL #taylurking  #ts1989 URL 
the best people in life are free.   #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
baby, we're the new romantics...  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we're too busy dancing  to get knocked off our feet.  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
heartbreak is the national anthem. we sing it proudly.  #ts1989  #taylurking  URL 
come on, come along with me...  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
baby, we're the new romantics.  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
...and we run.  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
they are the hunters we are the foxes..🐺  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we're a crooked love 💘  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i would wait forever and ever.  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i want you for worse or for better.  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
so hey, let's be friends!   URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and i know for you, it's always me. ❤️  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
in the dead of night, your eyes so green...  URL #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
"oof. taylor swift. she's always wearing, like, a 1950's bathing suit."  URL 
and you know for me, it's always you.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
they'll take their shots, but we're bulletproof.  #ts1989  #taylorlurking  URL 
...but i'm just gonna shake.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
2am. here we are. see your face, hear my voice in the dark..  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
i can make the bad guys good for a weekend. 💋  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
grab your passport and my hand.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
i'll never forget you as long as i live.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
this love is glowing in the dark.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
this love left a permanent mark.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
he can't see it in my face, but i'm about to play my ace.  URL #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
cause we never go out of style.  URL #taylorlurking  #ts1989 URL 
you took a polaroid of us.  #ts1989  #taylorlurking  URL 
stolen kisses, pretty lies. #ts1989  #taylorlurking  URL 
you got that long hair slicked back. #ts1989  #taylorlurking   URL 
my mom just texted me this from wal mart. URL 
rose garden filled with thorns. URL 
yes, snl. yes. URL 
"we are never out of the woods, because we are always going to be fighting for something." URL 
a casual saturday night with USER and USER . #ts1989 URL 
this love is glowing in the dark. #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
we found wonderland. you and i got lost in it. #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
you held on tight to me  cause nothing's as it seems  spinning out of control... #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
flashing lights and we took a wrong turn and we  fell down a rabbit hole.. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
"we are never out of the woods, because we are always going to be fighting for something." #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
everybody here was someone else before. #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
i was born in reading, pennsylvania  on december 13, 1989. URL 
i would wait forever and ever. #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
looking at it now it all seems so simple #ts1989  #taylorlurking URL 
found this on tumblr and thought it was a perfect visual representation of clean.  tumblr source:… URL 
my one condition is: say you'll remember me. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i thought 'heaven can't help me now' #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
remind me how it used to be. pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we were built to fall apart then fall back together. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
you got that long hair slicked back  white t-shirt.. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and i got that good girl faith.. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this love came back to me. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
clear blue water. high tide came and brought you in. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
windows down, you pass my street the memories start. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
halloween just amplified our inability to chill.  #taylurking  #ts1989 URL 
been #taylurking halloween style. excellent work guys. #ts1989 URL 
happy halloween! stay safe out there tonight, kids. this has been a message from your friendly… URL 
youcouldabeengettindown to this  sick beat. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
cherry lips. crystal skies. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
when we first dropped our bags on apartment floors, took our broken hearts, put them in a drawer.  #taylurking URL 
i bet these memories follow you around. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats. #ts1989   #taylurking URL 
when the sun came up,  you were looking at me. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
because USER is life. URL 
take  me home. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we come back every time cause we never go out of style. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
oh i remember. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
it'll leave you breathless. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
love's a game. want to play? #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
magic madness heaven sin #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i could show you incredible things. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
but you know you wouldn't change anything anything  anything  #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
like any true love, it drives you crazy. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
like any real love, it's ever-changing. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
like any great love, it keeps you guessing. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
cause i know places we can hide. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and they'll be chasing their tails trying to track us down. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
baby... i know places we won't be found. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
lights flash and we'll run for the fences. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i can hear them whisper as we pass by. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
cause, darling i'm a nightmare dressed like a pegacorn. #happyhalloween! URL 
makes you want to run and hide then it makes you turn right back around&lt;3 #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we're a crooked love in a straight line down #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
2am in my room headlights pass the window pane i think of you. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
good. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
are we in the clear yet? #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and i remember thinking  "are we out of the woods yet?" #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
the rest of the world was black and white, but we were in screaming color. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
then discovered... #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
you took a polaroid of us. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we cry tears of mascara in the bathroom honey, life is just a classroom. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
heartbreak is the national anthem. we sing it proudly. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
baby we're the new romantics. come on, come along with me.. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we team up. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
every day is like a battle ...but every night with us is like a dream. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
hustlin every day URL 
and now amber will demonstrate the correct way to listen to 1989 in an automobile. important note: i love this girl. URL 
true love. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
no proof, not much but you saw enough. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and for once, you let go of your fears and your ghosts. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i've spent my whole life trying to put it into words. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this is a great week for me because of you-this is a great week for my dad because he got to meet whoopi goldberg yesterday. #liveyourdreams
time moved too fast. you play it back. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
you can hear it in the silence. you can see it with the lights out. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
isn't it wild and intriguing and beautiful to think that every day we are new? #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
you are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.  #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this is a story about coming into your own and as a result, coming alive.  #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
thank you good morning america, thank you to everyone who filled times square, thank you new… URL 
USER love you girls so much!! so happy i got to meet you!
good morning america! times square! ahhhhhh! URL 
i hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
USER this tweet made me so happy, i forgot for a minute that i'm up at 5am and just did a little awkward celebratory dance. as i do.
these songs were once about my life. they are now about yours. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this video is important: URL 
karlie and i had the time of our lives at the knicks game tonight.  see you tomorrow bright and early… URL 
red lips and rosy cheeks. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this mad mad love makes you come running... #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this week, USER helped me make my first and probably last layup.  stoked about the USER game tonight!  URL 
say you'll remember me,  standing in a nice dress staring at the sunset, babe  #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
grab your passport and my hand. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
wish you were right here, right now. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
cause we're young and we're reckless.... #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
a very informative video of me making the sounds my cats make when they fight.  #nationalcatday  URL 
in honor of #nationalcatday, here is a photo of that one time i caught meredith and olivia cuddling. URL 
my phone photo library is so stalkery.  #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
wish you were right here, right now. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this love is alive. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
that's how it works. that's how you get the girl. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
if there ever was a day to wear a rainbow glitter skirt, it might as well be today. #ts1989 URL 
so it's gonna be forever. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
it's like i got this music in my mind sayin it's gonna be alright. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
nothing lasts forever, but this is getting good now. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
in silent screams,  in wildest dreams,  i never dreamed of this. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
so hey, let's be friends. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and i got that red lip classic thing that you like. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and now let's watch emma demonstrate a new way to use your 1989 album polaroids: URL 
we're too busy dancing to get knocked off our feet. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
let them say what they want, we won't hear it. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
we found wonderland. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
you got that james dean daydream look in your eye... #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this love is good. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
i'm so excited that i get to hang out with this guy again tonight! i'll be on USER tonight talking and singing. URL 
saw you there and i thought "oh my god. look at that face." #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
it's important that you watch this if you want to understand anything i say on tumblr/the internetz. URL 
i want you for worse or for better. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
cause we never go out of style.... #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
just grab my hand and don't ever drop it, my love. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this love is glowing in the dark. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
"they said 'take a selfie, take a selfie!' and then they showed me how to take a selfie!" -my dad's first selfie URL 
wish you knew that i'll never forget you as long as i live. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
they are the hunters. we are the foxes. ...and we run. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
in losing grip on sinking ships, you showed up just in time. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
this love left a permanent mark. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
and you know for me, it's always you. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
just found this and i agree that this guy totally wins 'at best boyfriend ever'. other boyfriends, get on his level. URL 
it's a new soundtrack, i could dance to this beat forevermore. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
everybody here wanted something more, searching for a sound we hadn't heard before. #ts1989  #taylurking URL 
the best people in life are free. #taylurking  #ts1989 URL 
baby we're the new romantics.. #taylurking  #ts1989 URL 
good morning! just #taylurking again. look at all the cute ways you're putting the polaroids to use! #ts1989 URL 
i'm loving seeing all these people going to buy 1989 in groups and seemingly, having the most fun ever. #taylurking URL 
none of us can find our chill. #taylurking URL 
these cuties...... #taylurking URL 
these babes: #taylurking URL 
meeting everyone after the rooftop secret sessions and taking weird pictures = the greatest joy of my… URL 
the photos from secret sessions are always hella interesting: #ts1989 URL 
just got home from the nyc secret session. now back to full time #taylurking: URL 
i cyber-stalk because i care. #taylurking URL 
just #taylurking around and found these adorable photos: URL 
i love the pics you're posting with the polaroids! #taylurking URL 
getting ready for the USER secret session, casually #taylurking.. URL 
some important stuff popping off over at USER pretty soon.... URL 
in every USER store, they're playing exclusive never-before-seen video footage of the creation of… URL 
some reasons i'm having a beautiful monday: #ts1989 URL 
this post made my day. i can't believe i'm lucky enough to have friends like this.  selenagomez's photo URL 
found some important photos while #taylurking just now... #ts1989 URL 
the deluxe #ts1989 is at USER &amp; i just got my copy! 3 voice memos + 3 extra songs, 13… URL 
oh my god, guys, you could not possibly be cuter.  #ts1989 URL 
yes, it's a busy promo day.. but if you think i'm too busy to cyber-stalk you, you're wrong. #ts1989 URL 
yayyyyy lily lilyaldridge's photo URL 
on the way to good morning america and this happens #blankspace #ts1989 URL 
here's the tv schedule for this week! not on here, but also important: gonna be on mtv all day in… URL 
wintery beaches. lenadunham's photo URL 
flower crowns. lenadunham's photo URL 
my last tweet tonight. it's here. #ts1989     USER URL 
it's out it's out it's out  this is not a drill  go go go  #ts1989
i'll be on USER tomorrow talking about #ts1989 and back later in the week to perform!  less than 2 hours....
on my website, you can make your own 1989 polaroid cover! look at these cuties: URL 
if you get #ts1989 at USER , your album will include 3 bonus songs and 3 of my songwriting voice memos, as well as 13 polaroids. 6 hours
i'm giving out 1000 tickets and 500 meet and greets. you can enter as many times as you want, but you have to enter this week.  7 hours.
i want to meet as many of you as i can. when you buy 1989 this week, you'll get a code for a chance to win tickets/meet and greets on tour.
the #ts1989 physical cd comes with 13 polaroids. there are 5 different sets (65 different poloroids in all)  9 hours. URL 
track 9 #1989lyrics  #ts1989  11 hours URL 
13 hours til 1989.
tomorrow, jack antonoff and i will be taking over mtv with wide-eyed wonderment.  #ts1989 URL 
track 8 #1989lyrics 17 hours URL 
24 hours til 1989
watching kelly clarkson slay "shake it off" is an excellent way to celebrate 26 hours til 1989!!!!!! #ts1989  URL 
track 10 #1989lyrics  today, then sunday... then it's here!! #2daystil1989 URL 
bonus track  (only available at target) #1989lyrics  2 days, guys. URL 
backstage at we can survive at the hollywood bowl, getting way too excited about seeing USER … URL 
the billboard review #ts1989  2 more days!!!!!!  ps i've never loved you more, you loyal, protective,… URL 
here's our performance of out of the woods on USER in the middle of hollywood blvd: URL 
track 6 #1989lyrics URL 
thank you to the thousands of people who came to hollywood blvd to watch us play. it made me so emotional, you have no idea. love you.
the girls at kimmel - hollywood blvd tonight. clare, melanie, eliotte, kamilah. URL 
the guardian review. jaime_king's photo URL 
out of the woods. jaime_king's video URL 
tune in now! USER 
“USER : this week has been nothing but a slow, painful wait for the USER album” ahh! so sweet! ps i love the fools ep.
i told you, USER . URL 
USER thanks so much for saying that... i'm such a huge fan of yours and this was such a nice surprise!
watch USER on oct 27 to see me discuss my 'irrational fears'. but are they really irrational?! you decide. URL 
track 13 #1989lyrics  #ts1989  4 days URL 
more from rolling stone #ts1989 URL 
rolling stone #ts1989 URL 
time magazine #ts1989 URL 
the reviews are in: new york times #ts1989 URL 
the full track list. #ts1989 URL 
track 12 #1989lyrics  #ts1989  #5daystil1989 URL 
a longer/alternate cut of the target commercial, lots of nyc feelz. #style  #ts1989  URL 
the target commercial is out, and features a brand new song you haven't heard yettttttt.....  #style #ts1989  URL 
having family that feels like your best friend and best friends who feel like family. #welcometonewyork URL 
the levain bakery cookies that turned my day around. #welcometonewyork URL 
the day i woke up to all these house warming presents that came in the mail from USER and… URL 
brick walls and sweaters. #welcometonewyork URL 
front stoops. #welcometonewyork URL 
lattes. #welcometonewyork  #ts1989 URL 
this is a good example of what i typically wear on planes, in front of lots of other people who all… URL 
bonus track #1989lyrics  #6daystil1989 #ts1989 URL 
USER hahaha shaking it off is probably the option less likely to garner restraining orders. if you ever want a girls night, call
welcome to new york lyrics URL #welcometonewyork #1989 #mercurygetoutofretrograde
